"A framework associating quantum cosmological boundary conditions to minisuperspace hidden symmetries has been introduced in Jalalzadeh and Moniz (Phys Rev D 89:083504, 2014). The scope of the application was, notwithstanding the novelty, restrictive because it lacked a discussion involving realistic matter fields. Therefore, in the present letter, we extend the framework scope to encompass elements from a scalar–tensor theory in the presence of a cosmological constant. More precisely, it is shown that hidden minisuperspace symmetries present in a pre-big bang model suggest a process from which boundary conditions can be selected."
"A detailed study of top-quark polarizations and charge asymmetries, induced by top-squark-pair production at the LHC and the subsequent decays , is performed within the effective description of squark interactions, which includes the effective Yukawa couplings and another logarithmic term encoding the supersymmetry breaking. This effective approach is more suitable for its introduction into Monte-Carlo simulations and we make use of its implementation in MadGraph in order to investigate the possibilities of the charge asymmetry , measured at the LHC and consistent with SM expectations, to discriminate between different SUSY scenarios and analyze the implications of these scenarios in the top polarizations and related observables."
"In this work it has been developed a new approach to study the stability of a system composed by an ELKO field interacting with dark matter, which could give some contribution in order to alleviate the cosmic coincidence problem. It is assumed that the potential which characterizes the ELKO field is not specified, but it is related to a constant parameter . The strength of the interaction between matter and ELKO field is characterized by a constant parameter and it is also assumed that both ELKO field and matter energy density are related to their pressures by equations of state parameters and , respectively. The system of equations is analyzed by a dynamical system approach. It has been found the conditions of stability between the parameters and in order to have stable fixed points for the system for different values of the equation of state parameters and , and the results are presented in form of tables. The possibility of decay of the ELKO field into dark matter or vice versa can be read directly from the tables, since the parameters and satisfy some inequalities. It allows us to constrain the potential assuming that we have a stable system for different interactions terms between the ELKO field and dark matter. The cosmic coincidence problem can be alleviated for some specific relations between the parameters of the model."
"We present a new approach to the issues of spacetime singularities and cosmic censorship in general relativity. This is based on the idea that standard 4-dimensional spacetime is the conformal infinity of an ambient metric for the 5-dimensional Einstein equations with fluid sources. We then find that the existence of spacetime singularities in four dimensions is constrained by asymptotic properties of the ambient 5-metric, while the non-degeneracy of the latter crucially depends on cosmic censorship holding on the boundary."
"We consider Reissner–Nordström black holes surrounded by quintessence where both a non-extremal event horizon and a cosmological horizon exist besides an inner horizon (). We determine new extreme black hole solutions that generalize the Nariai horizon to asymptotically de Sitter-like solutions for any order relation between the squares of the charge and the mass parameter provided remains smaller than some limit, which is larger than . In the limit case , we derive the general expression of the extreme cosmo-black-hole, where the three horizons merge, and we discuss some of its properties. We also show that the endpoint of the evaporation process is independent of any order relation between and . The Teitelboim energy and the Padmanabhan energy are related by a nonlinear expression and are shown to correspond to different ensembles. We also determine the enthalpy of the event horizon, as well as the effective thermodynamic volume which is the conjugate variable of the negative quintessential pressure, and show that in general the mass parameter and the Teitelboim energy are different from the enthalpy and internal energy; only in the cosmological case, that is, for Reissner–Nordström–de Sitter black hole we have . Generalized Smarr formulas are also derived. It is concluded that the internal energy has a universal expression for all static charged black holes, with possibly a variable mass parameter, but it is not a suitable thermodynamic potential for static-black-hole thermodynamics if is constant. It is also shown that the reverse isoperimetric inequality holds. We generalize the results to the case of the Reissner–Nordström–de Sitter black hole surrounded by quintessence with two physical constants yielding two thermodynamic volumes."
"Kaluza–Klein (KK) parity can be violated in a five-dimensional universal extra-dimensional model with boundary-localised (kinetic or mass) terms (BLTs) at the fixed points of orbifold. In this framework we study the resonant production of Kaluza–Klein excitations of the neutral electroweak gauge bosons at the LHC and their decay into an electron–positron pair or a muon–antimuon pair. We use the results (for the first time, to our knowledge) given by the LHC experiment to constrain the mass range of the first KK-excitation of the electroweak gauge bosons (). It is interesting to note that the LHC result puts an upper limit on the masses of the KK-leptons for positive values of the BLT parameters depending upon the mass of the resonance."
"We present an extension to the Mathematica package SARAH which allows for Higgs mass calculations at the two-loop level in a wide range of supersymmetric (SUSY) models beyond the MSSM. These calculations are based on the effective potential approach and include all two-loop corrections which are independent of electroweak gauge couplings. For the numerical evaluation Fortran code for SPheno is generated by SARAH. This allows the prediction of the Higgs mass in more complicated SUSY models with the same precision that most state-of-the-art spectrum generators provide for the MSSM."
"We show that novel paths to dark matter generation and baryogenesis are open when the standard model is extended with three sterile neutrinos and a charged scalar . Specifically, we propose a new production mechanism for the dark matter particle—a multi-keV sterile neutrino, —that does not depend on the active-sterile mixing angle and does not rely on a large primordial lepton asymmetry. Instead, is produced, via freeze-in, by the decays of while it is in equilibrium in the early Universe. In addition, we demonstrate that, thanks to the couplings between the heavier sterile neutrinos and , baryogenesis via leptogenesis can be realized close to the electroweak scale. The lepton asymmetry is generated either by -decays for masses TeV, or by -oscillations for  GeV. Experimental signatures of this scenario include an X-ray line from dark matter decays, and the direct production of at the LHC. This model thus describes a minimal, testable scenario for neutrino masses, the baryon asymmetry, and dark matter."
"Newly observed two charmed-strange resonances, and , are investigated by calculating their Okubo–Zweig–Iizuka-allowed strong decays, which shows that they are suitable candidates for the and states in the charmed-strange meson family. Our study also predicts other main decay modes of and , which can be accessible at the future experiment. In addition, the decay behaviors of the spin partners of and , i.e., and , are predicted in this work, which are still missing at present. The experimental search for the missing and charmed-strange mesons is an intriguing and challenging task for further experiments."
"Extending previous work on the predictions for the production of supersymmetric (SUSY) particles at the LHC, we present the fully differential calculation of the next-to-leading order (NLO) SUSY-QCD corrections to the production of squark and squark–antisquark pairs of the first two generations. The NLO cross sections are combined with the subsequent decay of the final state (anti)squarks into the lightest neutralino and (anti)quark at NLO SUSY-QCD. No assumptions on the squark masses are made, and the various subchannels are taken into account independently. In order to obtain realistic predictions for differential distributions the fixed-order calculations have to be combined with parton showers. Making use of the Powheg method we have implemented our results in the Powheg-Box framework and interfaced the NLO calculation with the parton shower Monte Carlo programs Pythia6 and Herwig++. The code is publicly available and can be downloaded from the Powheg-Box webpage. The impact of the NLO corrections on the differential distributions is studied and parton shower effects are investigated for different benchmark scenarios."
"The observed resonance peak around 2.86 GeV has been carefully reexamined by the LHCb Collaboration and it is found that under the peak there reside two states, and , which are considered as and with slightly different masses and total widths. Thus, the earlier assumption that the resonance was a state should be reconsidered. We suggest to measure the partial widths of radiative decays of , , and to confirm their quantum numbers. We would consider as or a pure state, or their mixture and, respectively, calculate the corresponding branching ratios as well as those of and . A future precise measurement would provide us information to help identifying the structures of those resonances."
"This document describes the package CHIRON which includes two libraries, chiron itself and jbnumlib. chiron is a set of routines useful for two-loop numerical results in chiral perturbation theory (ChPT). It includes programs for the needed one- and two-loop integrals as well as routines to deal with the ChPT parameters. The present version includes everything needed for the masses, decay constants and quark-antiquark vacuum-expectation-values. An added routine calculates consistent values for the masses and decay constants when the pion and kaon masses are varied. In addition a number of finite volume results are included: one-loop tadpole integrals, two-loop sunset integrals and the results for masses and decay constants. The numerical routine library jbnumlib contains the numerical routines used in chiron. Many are to a large extent simple C++ versions of routines in the CERNLIB numerical library. Notable exceptions are the dilogarithm and the Jacobi theta function implementations. This paper describes what is included in CHIRON v0.50."
"A recent quark-model description of as an unquenched state is generalised by now including all relevant meson–meson configurations, in order to calculate the widths of the experimentally observed electromagnetic decays and . Interestingly, the inclusion of additional two-meson channels, most importantly , leads to a sizeable increase of the probability in the total wave function, although the component remains the dominant one. As for the electromagnetic decays, unquenching strongly reduces the decay rate; yet it even more sharply enhances the rate, resulting in a decay ratio compatible with one experimental observation but in slight disagreement with two others. Nevertheless, the results show a dramatic improvement as compared to a quenched calculation with the same confinement force and parameters. Concretely, we obtain  keV and  keV, with branching ratio ."
"In this article, we take the and as the and states, respectively, and we study their strong decays with the heavy meson effective theory by including the chiral symmetry-breaking corrections. We can reproduce the experimental data with suitable hadronic coupling constants; the assignment of the as the is favored, the chiral symmetry-breaking corrections are large. Furthermore, we obtain the analytical expressions of the decay widths, which can be confronted with the experimental data in the future to fit the unknown coupling constants. The predictions of the ratios among the decay widths can be used to study the decay properties of the and so as to identify them unambiguously. On the other hand, if the chiral symmetry-breaking corrections are small, the large ratio requires that the consists of at least the four resonances, , , , ."
"We have investigated the dynamics of a neutral and a charged particle around a static and spherically symmetric black hole in the presence of quintessence matter and external magnetic field. We explore the conditions under which the particle moving around the black hole could escape to infinity after colliding with another particle. The innermost stable circular orbit (ISCO) for the particles are studied in detail. Mainly the dependence of ISCO on dark energy and on the presence of external magnetic field in the vicinity of black hole is discussed. By using the Lyapunov exponent, we compare the stabilities of the orbits of the particles in the presence and absence of dark energy and magnetic field. The expressions for the center of mass energies of the colliding particles near the horizon of the black hole are derived. The effective force on the particle due to dark energy and magnetic field in the vicinity of black hole is also discussed."
"A measurement of boson production in lead-lead collisions at is presented. It is based on the analysis of data collected with the ATLAS detector at the LHC in 2011 corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 0.14 and 0.15 in the muon and electron decay channels, respectively. The differential production yields and lepton charge asymmetry are each measured as a function of the average number of participating nucleons and absolute pseudorapidity of the charged lepton. The results are compared to predictions based on next-to-leading-order QCD calculations. These measurements are, in principle, sensitive to possible nuclear modifications to the parton distribution functions and also provide information on scaling of boson production in multi-nucleon systems."
"It is widely believed that the spin of black holes in X-ray binaries is mainly natal. A significant spin-up from accretion is not possible. If the secondary has a low mass, the black hole spin cannot change too much even if the black hole swallows the whole stellar companion. If the secondary has a high mass, its lifetime is too short to transfer the necessary amount of matter and spin the black hole up. However, while black holes formed from the collapse of a massive star with solar metallicity are expected to have low birth spin, current spin measurements show that some black holes in X-ray binaries are rotating very rapidly. Here we show that, if these objects are not the Kerr black holes of general relativity, the accretion of a small amount of matter (2 ) can make them look like very fast-rotating Kerr black holes. Such a possibility is not in contradiction with any observation and it can explain current spin measurements in a very simple way."
"The present work deals with a spherically symmetric space–time which is asymptotically (at spatial infinity) FRW space–time and represents wormhole configuration: The matter component is divided into two parts—(a) dissipative but homogeneous and isotropic fluid, and (b) an inhomogeneous and anisotropic barotropic fluid. Evolving wormhole solutions are obtained when isotropic fluid is phantom in nature and there is a big rip singularity at the end. Here the dissipative phenomena is due to the particle creation mechanism in non-equilibrium thermodynamics. Using the process to be adiabatic, the dissipative pressure is expressed linearly to the particle creation rate. For two choices of the particle creation rate as a function of the Hubble parameter, the equation of state parameter of the isotropic fluid is constrained to be in the phantom domain, except in one choice, it is possible to have wormhole configuration with normal isotropic fluid."
"Dark matter which is bound in the Galactic halo might self-annihilate and produce a flux of stable final state particles, e.g. high energy neutrinos. These neutrinos can be detected with IceCube, a cubic-kilometer sized Cherenkov detector. Given IceCube’s large field of view, a characteristic anisotropy of the additional neutrino flux is expected. In this paper we describe a multipole method to search for such a large-scale anisotropy in IceCube data. This method uses the expansion coefficients of a multipole expansion of neutrino arrival directions and incorporates signal-specific weights for each expansion coefficient. We apply the technique to a high-purity muon neutrino sample from the Northern Hemisphere. The final result is compatible with the null-hypothesis. As no signal was observed, we present limits on the self-annihilation cross-section averaged over the relative velocity distribution down to for a dark matter particle mass of 700–1,000 GeV and direct annihilation into . The resulting exclusion limits come close to exclusion limits from -ray experiments, that focus on the outer Galactic halo, for high dark matter masses of a few TeV and hard annihilation channels."
"The fragmentation fractions of and quarks into the weakly decaying charmed hadrons , , and , and into the charmed vector meson have been derived from the LEP measurements and averaged. The quark fragmentation fractions represent probabilities to hadronise as a given charmed hadron, while the quark fragmentation fractions are defined as sums of probabilities to produce a particular charmed hadron or its antiparticle."
"We present our first attempt to develop a model for soft interactions at high energy, based on the BFKL Pomeron and the CGC/saturation approach. We construct an eikonal-type model, whose opacity is determined by the exchange of the dressed BFKL Pomeron. The Green function of the Pomeron is calculated in the framework of the CGC/saturation approach. Using five parameters we achieve a reasonable description of the experimental data at high energies ( TeV) with overall . The model results in different behavior for the single- and double-diffraction cross sections at high energies. The single-diffraction cross section reaches a saturated value (about 10 mb) at high energies, while the double-diffraction cross section continues growing slowly."
"The jet energy scale (JES) and its systematic uncertainty are determined for jets measured with the ATLAS detector using proton–proton collision data with a centre-of-mass energy of  TeV corresponding to an integrated luminosity of . Jets are reconstructed from energy deposits forming topological clusters of calorimeter cells using the anti- algorithm with distance parameters or , and are calibrated using MC simulations. A residual JES correction is applied to account for differences between data and MC simulations. This correction and its systematic uncertainty are estimated using a combination of in situ techniques exploiting the transverse momentum balance between a jet and a reference object such as a photon or a boson, for and pseudorapidities . The effect of multiple proton–proton interactions is corrected for, and an uncertainty is evaluated using in situ techniques. The smallest JES uncertainty of less than 1 % is found in the central calorimeter region () for jets with . For central jets at lower , the uncertainty is about 3 %. A consistent JES estimate is found using measurements of the calorimeter response of single hadrons in proton–proton collisions and test-beam data, which also provide the estimate for  TeV. The calibration of forward jets is derived from dijet balance measurements. The resulting uncertainty reaches its largest value of 6 % for low- jets at . Additional JES uncertainties due to specific event topologies, such as close-by jets or selections of event samples with an enhanced content of jets originating from light quarks or gluons, are also discussed. The magnitude of these uncertainties depends on the event sample used in a given physics analysis, but typically amounts to 0.5–3 %."
"The Strominger–Yau–Zaslow (SYZ) mirror, in the ‘delocalised limit’ of Becker et al. (Nucl Phys B 702:207, 2004), of -branes, fractional -branes and flavour -branes wrapping a non-compact four-cycle in the presence of a black hole (BH) resulting in a non-Kähler resolved warped deformed conifold (NKRWDC) in Mia et al. (Nucl Phys B 839:187, 2010), was carried out in Dhuria and Misra (JHEP 1311:001, 2013) and resulted in black -branes. There are two parts in our paper. In the first we show that in the ‘MQGP’ limit discussed in Dhuria and Misra (JHEP 1311:001, 2013) a finite (and hence expected to be more relevant to QGP), finite and very large , and very small , we have the following. (i) The uplift, if valid globally (like Dasgupta et al., Nucl Phys B 755:21, 2006) for fractional branes in conifolds), asymptotically goes to -branes wrapping a two-cycle (homologously a (large) integer sum of two-spheres) in . (ii) Assuming the deformation parameter to be larger than the resolution parameter, by estimating the five structure torsion () classes we verify that in the large- limit, implying the NKRWDC reduces to a warped Kähler deformed conifold. (iii) The local of Dhuria and Misra (JHEP 1311:001, 2013) in the large- limit satisfies the same conditions as the maximal -invariant special Lagrangian three-cycle of of Ionel and Min-OO (J Math 52(3), 2008), partly justifying use of SYZ-mirror symmetry in the ‘delocalised limit’ of Becker et al. (Nucl Phys B 702:207, 2004) in Dhuria and Misra (JHEP 1311:001, 2013). In the second part of the paper, by either integrating out the angular coordinates of the non-compact four-cycle which a -brane wraps around, using the Ouyang embedding, in the DBI action of a -brane evaluated at infinite radial boundary, or by dimensionally reducing the 11-dimensional EH action to five () dimensions and at the infinite radial boundary, we then calculate in particular the (part of the ’MQGP’) limit, a variety of gauge and metric-perturbation-modes’ two-point functions using the prescription of Son and Starinets (JHEP 0209:042, 2002). We hence study the following. (i) The diffusion constant , (ii) the electrical conductivity , (iii) the charge susceptibility , (iv) [using (i)–(iii)] the Einstein relation , (v) the R-charge diffusion constant , and (vi) (using Dhuria and Misra, JHEP 1311:001, 2013) and Kubo’s formula related to shear viscosity ) the possibility of generating from solutions to the vector and tensor mode metric perturbations’ EOMs, separately. The results are also valid for the limits of Mia et al. (Nucl Phys B 839:187, 2010): , ."
"We study the temperature profile, pion spectra, and HBT radii in central, symmetric, and boost-invariant nuclear collisions, using a super hybrid model for heavy-ion collisions (SONIC), combining pre-equilibrium flow with viscous hydrodynamics and late-stage hadronic rescatterings. In particular, we simulate Pb + Pb collisions at  TeV, Au + Au, Cu + Cu, Al + Al, and C + C collisions at  GeV, and Au + Au and Cu + Cu collisions at  GeV. We find that SONIC provides a good match to the pion spectra and HBT radii for all collision systems and energies, confirming earlier work that a combination of pre-equilibrium flow, viscosity, and QCD equation of state can resolve the so-called HBT puzzle. For reference, we also show p + p collisions at TeV. We make tabulated data for the 2 + 1 dimensional temperature evolution of all systems publicly available for the use in future jet energy loss or similar studies."
"We calculate the magnetic dipole and electric quadrupole moments associated with the radiative and transitions with or in the framework of light cone QCD sum rules. It is found that the corresponding quadrupole moments are negligibly small, while the magnetic dipole moments are considerably large. A comparison of the results of the considered multipole moments as well as corresponding decay widths with the predictions of the vector dominance model is performed."
"The gravity theories provide an alternative way to explain the current cosmic acceleration without invoking a dark energy matter component used in the cosmological modeling in the framework of general relativity. However, the freedom in the choice of the functional forms of gives rise to the problem of the degeneracy among these gravity theories on theoretical and (or) observational grounds. In this paper we examine the question as to whether the future dynamics can be used to break the degeneracy between gravity theories by investigating the dynamics of spatially homogeneous and isotropic dust flat models in two gravity theories, namely the well-known gravity and another by Aviles et al., whose motivation comes from the cosmographic approach to gravity. We perform a detailed numerical study of the dynamics of these theories taking into account the recent constraints on the cosmological parameters made by the Planck Collaboration. We demonstrate that besides being useful for discriminating between these two gravity theories, the future dynamics technique can also be used to determine the finite-time behavior as well as the fate of the Universe in the framework of these gravity theories. There also emerges from our analysis the result that one still can have a dust flat FLRW solution with a big rip, if gravity is governed by . We also show that FLRW dust solutions with do not necessarily lead to singularities."
"CUORE, an array of 988 TeO bolometers, is about to be one of the most sensitive experiments searching for neutrinoless double-beta decay. Its sensitivity could be further improved by removing the background from radioactivity. A few years ago it was pointed out that the signal from s can be tagged by detecting the emitted Cherenkov light, which is not produced by s. In this paper we confirm this possibility. For the first time we measured the Cherenkov light emitted by a CUORE crystal, and found it to be 100 eV at the -value of the decay. To completely reject the background, we compute that one needs light detectors with baseline noise below 20 eV RMS, a value which is 3–4 times smaller than the average noise of the bolometric light detectors we are using. We point out that an improved light detector technology must be developed to obtain TeO bolometric experiments able to probe the inverted hierarchy of neutrino masses."
"Introducing term in the five-dimensional bulk action we derive effective Einstein’s equation on the brane using Gauss–Codazzi equation. This effective equation is then solved for different conditions on dark radiation and dark pressure to obtain various spherically symmetric solutions. Some of these static spherically symmetric solutions correspond to black hole solutions, with parameters induced from the bulk. Specially, the dark pressure and dark radiation terms (electric part of Weyl curvature) affect the brane spherically symmetric solutions significantly. We have solved for one parameter group of conformal motions where the dark radiation and dark pressure terms are exactly obtained exploiting the corresponding Lie symmetry. Various thermodynamic features of these spherically symmetric space-times are studied, showing existence of second order phase transition. This phenomenon has its origin in the higher curvature term with gravity in the bulk."
"By globally analyzing all existing measured branching fractions and partial rates in different four momentum transfer-squared bins of decays, we obtain the product of the form factor and magnitude of Cabibbo–Kobayashi–Maskawa matrix element to be . With this product, we determine the semileptonic form factor in conjunction with the value of determined from the standard model global fit. Alternately, with the product together with the input of the form factor calculated in lattice quantum chromodynamics (LQCD) recently, we extract , where the error is still dominated by the uncertainty of the form factor calculated in LQCD. Combining the extracted from all existing measurements of decays and together, we find the most precisely determined to be , which improves the accuracy of the PDG’2014 value by ."
"We present a general relativistic version of the self-gravitating fluid model for the dark sector of the Universe (darkon fluid) introduced in Stichel and Zakrzewski (Phys Rev D 80:083513, 2009) and extended and reviewed in Stichel and Zakrzewski (Entropy 15:559, 2013). This model contains no free parameters in its Lagrangian. The resulting energy-momentum tensor is dustlike with a nontrivial energy flow. In an approximation valid at sub-Hubble scales we find that the present-day cosmic acceleration is not attributed to any kind of negative pressure but it is due to a dynamically determined negative energy density. This property turns out to be equivalent to a time-dependent spatial curvature. The obtained cosmological equations, at sub-Hubble scales, agree with those of the nonrelativistic model but they are given a new physical interpretation. Furthermore, we have derived the self-consistent equation to be satisfied by the nonrelativistic gravitational potential produced by a galactic halo in our model from a weak-field limit of a generalized Tolman–Oppenheimer–Volkoff equation."
"This paperis devoted to the reconciliation of the tension between the theoretic expectation from naturalness and the present LHC limits on the superpartner mass bounds. We argue that in supersymmetry models of direct gauge mediation the focusing phenomenon appears, which dramatically reduces the fine tuning associated to the 126 GeV Higgs boson. This type of model is highly predictive as regards the mass spectrum, with a multi-TeV third generation, the term of order 1 TeV, gluino mass above LHC mass bound, and the light neutralinos and charginos below 1 TeV."
"We derive a radiating regular rotating black hole solution, radiating Kerr-like regular black hole solution. We achieve this by starting from the Hayward regular black hole solution via a complex transformation suggested by Newman–Janis. The radiating Kerr metric, the Kerr-like regular black hole and the standard Kerr metric are regained in the appropriate limits. The structure of the horizon-like surfaces are also determined."
"A Casimir dark energy model in a five-dimensional and a six-dimensional spacetime including non-relativistic matter and a Gauss–Bonnet term is investigated. The Casimir energy can play the role of dark energy to drive the late-time acceleration of the universe while the radius of the extra dimensions can be stabilized. The qualitative analysis in four-dimensional spacetime shows that the contribution from the Gauss–Bonnet term will effectively slow down the radion field at the matter-dominated or radiation-dominated epochs so that it does not pass the point at which the minimum of the potential will arise before the minimum has formed. The field then is trapped at the minimum of the potential after the formation leading to the stabilization of the extra dimensions."
"Recent astronomical observations have indicated that the Universe is in a phase of accelerated expansion. While there are many cosmological models which try to explain this phenomenon, we focus on the interacting CDM model where an interaction between the dark energy and dark matter sectors takes place. This model is compared to its simpler alternative—the CDM model. To choose between these models the likelihood ratio test was applied as well as the model comparison methods (employing Occam’s principle): the Akaike information criterion (AIC), the Bayesian information criterion (BIC) and the Bayesian evidence. Using the current astronomical data: type Ia supernova (Union2.1), , baryon acoustic oscillation, the Alcock–Paczynski test, and the cosmic microwave background data, we evaluated both models. The analyses based on the AIC indicated that there is less support for the interacting CDM model when compared to the CDM model, while those based on the BIC indicated that there is strong evidence against it in favor of the CDM model. Given the weak or almost non-existing support for the interacting CDM model and bearing in mind Occam’s razor we are inclined to reject this model."
"Comparing electronic hydrogen with muonic hydrogen shows that the discrepancy in measurement of the Lamb shift in the both systems are relatively of order of . We explore the spectrum of hydrogen atom in non-commutative to compare the non-commutative effects on the both bound states. We show that in the Lorentz-violating non-commutative QED the ratio of NC-corrections is while in the Lorentz-conserving NCQED is . An uncertainty about in the Lamb shift of hydrogen atom leads to an NC correction of about in the Lorentz-violating non-commutative QED and about in the Lorentz-conserving non-commutative QED."
"We provide a bottom-up argument to derive some known results from holographic renormalization using the classical bulk–bulk equivalence of General Relativity and Shape Dynamics, a theory with spatial conformal (Weyl) invariance. The purpose of this paper is twofold: (1) to advertise the simple classical mechanism, trading off gauge symmetries, that underlies the bulk–bulk equivalence of General Relativity and Shape Dynamics to readers interested in dualities of the type of AdS/conformal field theory (CFT); and (2) to highlight that this mechanism can be used to explain certain results of holographic renormalization, providing an alternative to the AdS/CFT conjecture for these cases. To make contact with the usual semiclassical AdS/CFT correspondence, we provide, in addition, a heuristic argument that makes it plausible that the classical equivalence between General Relativity and Shape Dynamics turns into a duality between radial evolution in gravity and the renormalization group flow of a CFT. We believe that Shape Dynamics provides a new perspective on gravity by giving conformal structure a primary role within the theory. It is hoped that this work provides the first steps toward understanding what this new perspective may be able to teach us about holographic dualities."
"The functional equation governing the renormalization flow of fermionic field theories is investigated in dimensions without introducing auxiliary Bose fields on the example of the Gross–Neveu and the Nambu–Jona-Lasinio model. The UV-safe fixed points and the eigenvectors of the renormalization group equations linearized around them are found in the local potential approximation. The results are compared carefully with those obtained with partial bosonization. The results do not receive any correction in the next-to-leading order approximation of the gradient expansion of the effective action."
"The production of the strange and double-strange baryon resonances (, ) has been measured at mid-rapidity ( ) in proton–proton collisions at   7 TeV with the ALICE detector at the LHC. Transverse momentum spectra for inelastic collisions are compared to QCD-inspired models, which in general underpredict the data. A search for the pentaquark, decaying in the channel, has been carried out but no evidence is seen."
"The -channel exchange of a first generation leptoquark could contribute to the cross section for . The leptoquark is off-shell, so this process can be sensitive to leptoquarks beyond the mass reach of pair production searches at the LHC (currently  GeV). We attempt to analytically translate ATLAS bounds on contact interactions to the various scalar leptoquarks, we but encounter two difficulties: the leptoquark momentum is not negligible, and the leptoquarks do not induce the contact interaction studied by ATLAS, so the interference with the standard model is different. If bounds were quoted on the functional dependence of the cross section on , rather than on particular contact interaction models, these difficulties could be circumvented. We use the results of such a “form factor” fit to CMS plots to obtain bounds on the various leptoquarks’ quark–lepton coupling of order TeV)."
"Starting from the Oppenheimer–Snyder model, we know how in classical general relativity the gravitational collapse of matter forms a black hole with a central spacetime singularity. It is widely believed that the singularity must be removed by quantum-gravity effects. Some static quantum-inspired singularity-free black hole solutions have been proposed in the literature, but when one considers simple examples of gravitational collapse the classical singularity is replaced by a bounce, after which the collapsing matter expands for ever. We may expect three possible explanations: (i) the static regular black hole solutions are not physical, in the sense that they cannot be realized in Nature, (ii) the final product of the collapse is not unique, but it depends on the initial conditions, or (iii) boundary effects play an important role and our simple models miss important physics. In the latter case, after proper adjustment, the bouncing solution would approach the static one. We argue that the “correct answer” may be related to the appearance of a ghost state in de Sitter spacetimes with super Planckian mass. Our black holes have indeed a de Sitter core and the ghost would make these configurations unstable. Therefore we believe that these black hole static solutions represent the transient phase of a gravitational collapse but never survive as asymptotic states."
"Using a simplified model for in-medium dipole evolution accounting for color filtering effects we study the production of hadrons at large transverse momenta in heavy ion collisions. In the framework of this model, several important sources of the nuclear suppression observed recently at RHIC and LHC have been analyzed. A short production length of the leading hadron causes a strong onset of color transparency effects, manifesting themselves as a steep rise of the nuclear modification factor at large hadron . The dominance of quarks with higher leads to a weaker suppression at RHIC than the one observed at LHC. In the RHIC kinematic region we include an additional suppression factor, steeply falling with , which is tightly related to the energy conservation constraints. This is irrelevant at LHC up to , while it causes a rather flat dependence of the factor at RHIC c.m. energy and even an increasing suppression with at The calculations contain only a medium density adjustment, and for an initial time scale = 1  we found the energy-dependent maximal values of the transport coefficient, , and , corresponding to , and , respectively. We present a broad variety of predictions for the nuclear modification factor and the azimuthal asymmetry, which are well in agreement with available data from experiments at RHIC and LHC."
NaN
"In this work we calculate the closed time path generating functional for the electromagnetic (EM) field interacting with inhomogeneous anisotropic matter. For this purpose, we first find a general expression for the electromagnetic field’s influence action from the interaction of the field with a composite environment consisting in the quantum polarization degrees of freedom in each point of space, at arbitrary temperatures, connected to thermal baths. Then we evaluate the generating functional for the gauge field, in the temporal gauge, by implementing the Faddeev–Popov procedure. Finally, through the point-splitting technique, we calculate closed expressions for the energy, the Poynting vector, and the Maxwell tensor in terms of the Hadamard propagator. We show that all the quantities have contributions from the field’s initial conditions and also from the matter degrees of freedom. Throughout the whole work we discuss how the gauge invariance must be treated in the formalism when the EM-field is interacting with inhomogeneous anisotropic matter. We study the electrodynamics in the temporal gauge, obtaining the EM-field’s equation and a residual condition. Finally we analyze the case of the EM-field in bulk material and also discuss several general implications of our results in relation with the Casimir physics in a non-equilibrium scenario."
"This article reports on a search for dark matter pair production in association with bottom or top quarks in of collisions collected at  TeV by the ATLAS detector at the LHC. Events with large missing transverse momentum are selected when produced in association with high-momentum jets of which one or more are identified as jets containing -quarks. Final states with top quarks are selected by requiring a high jet multiplicity and in some cases a single lepton. The data are found to be consistent with the Standard Model expectations and limits are set on the mass scale of effective field theories that describe scalar and tensor interactions between dark matter and Standard Model particles. Limits on the dark-matter–nucleon cross-section for spin-independent and spin-dependent interactions are also provided. These limits are particularly strong for low-mass dark matter. Using a simplified model, constraints are set on the mass of dark matter and of a coloured mediator suitable to explain a possible signal of annihilating dark matter."
"We present a novel method for detecting the relic neutrino background that takes advantage of structured quantum degeneracy to amplify the drag force from neutrinos scattering off a detector. Developing this idea, we present a characterization of the present day relic neutrino distribution in an arbitrary frame, including the influence of neutrino mass and neutrino reheating by annihilation. We present explicitly the neutrino velocity and de Broglie wavelength distributions for the case of an Earthbound observer. Considering that relic neutrinos could exhibit quantum liquid features at the present day temperature and density, we discuss the impact of neutrino fluid correlations on the possibility of resonant detection."
"The Eddington-inspired-Born–Infeld scenario (EiBI) can prevent the big bang singularity for a matter content whose equation of state is constant and positive. In a recent paper [Bouhmadi-Lopez et al. (Eur. Phys. J. C 74:2802, 2014)] we showed that, on the contrary, it is impossible to smooth a big rip in the EiBI setup. In fact the situations are still different for other singularities. In this paper we show that a big freeze singularity in GR can in some cases be smoothed to a sudden or a type IV singularity under the EiBI scenario. Similarly, a sudden or a type IV singularity in GR can be replaced in some regions of the parameter space by a type IV singularity or a loitering behaviour, respectively, in the EiBI framework. Furthermore, we find that the auxiliary metric related to the physical connection usually has a smoother behaviour than that based on the physical metric. In addition, we show that bound structures close to a big rip or a little rip will be destroyed before the advent of the singularity and will remain bound close to a sudden, big freeze or type IV singularity. We then constrain the model following a cosmographic approach, which is well known to be model independent, for a given Friedmann–Lemaître–Robertson–Walker geometry. It turns out that among the various past or present singularities, the cosmographic analysis can pick up the physical region that determines the occurrence of a type IV singularity or a loitering effect in the past. Moreover, to determine which of the future singularities or doomsdays is more probable, observational constraints on the higher-order cosmographic parameters are required."
"It is by now clear that the infrared sector of quantum electrodynamics (QED) has an intriguingly complex structure. Based on earlier pioneering work on this subject, two of us recently proposed a simple modification of QED by constructing a generalization of the charge group of QED to the “Sky” group incorporating the well-known spontaneous Lorentz violation due to infrared photons, but still compatible in particular with locality (Balachandran and Vaidya, Eur Phys J Plus 128:118, 2013). It was shown that the “Sky” group is generated by the algebra of angle-dependent charges and a study of its superselection sectors has revealed a manifest description of spontaneous breaking of the Lorentz symmetry. We further elaborate this approach here and investigate in some detail the properties of charged particles dressed by the infrared photons. We find that Lorentz violation due to soft photons may be manifestly codified in an angle-dependent fermion mass, modifying therefore the fermion dispersion relations. The fact that the masses of the charged particles are not Lorentz invariant affects their spin content, and time dilation formulas for decays should also get corrections."
"The generalized logarithmic electrodynamics with two parameters and is considered. The indexes of refraction of light in the external magnetic field are calculated. In the case we come to results obtained by Gaete and Helayël-Neto (Eur Phys J C 74:2816, 2014). The bound on the values of , was obtained from the Biréfringence Magnétique du Vide (BMV) experiment. The symmetrical Belinfante energy-momentum tensor and dilatation current are found."
"Classical tests of General Relativity in braneworld scenarios have been investigated recently with the purpose of posing observational constraints on the parameters of some models of infinitely thin brane. Here we consider the motion of test particles in a thick brane scenario that corresponds to a regularized version of the Garriga–Tanaka solution, which describes a black hole solution in RSII model, in the weak field regime. By adapting a mechanism previously formulated in order to describe the confinement of massive tests particles in a domain wall (which simulates classically the trapping of the Dirac field in a domain wall), we study the influence of the brane thickness on the four-dimensional (4D) path of massless particles. Although the geometry is not warped and, therefore, the bound motion in the transverse direction is not decoupled from the movement in the 4D-world, we can find an explicit solution for the light deflection and the time delay, if the motion in the fifth direction is a high frequency oscillation. We verify that, owing to the transverse motion, the light deflection and the time delay depend on the energy of the light rays. This feature may lead to the phenomenon of gravitational rainbow. We also consider the problem from a semi-classical perspective, investigating the effects of the brane thickness on the motion of the zero-mode in the 4D-world."
"The nonassociative generalization of supersymmetry is considered. It is shown that the associator of four supersymmetry generators has the coefficient where is some characteristic length. Two cases are considered: (a) coincides with the cosmological constant; (b) is the classical radius of the electron. It is also shown that the scaled constant is of the order of for the first case and for the second case. The possible manifestation and smallness of nonassociativity is discussed."
"We explore the prospects for observing CP violation in the minimal supersymmetric extension of the Standard Model (MSSM) with six CP-violating parameters, three gaugino mass phases and three phases in trilinear soft supersymmetry-breaking parameters, using the CPsuperH code combined with a geometric approach to maximise CP-violating observables subject to the experimental upper bounds on electric dipole moments. We also implement CP-conserving constraints from Higgs physics, flavour physics and the upper limits on the cosmological dark matter density and spin-independent scattering. We study possible values of observables within the constrained MSSM (CMSSM), the non-universal Higgs model (NUHM), the CPX scenario and a variant of the phenomenological MSSM (pMSSM). We find values of the CP-violating asymmetry in decay that may be as large as 3 %, so future measurements of may provide independent information about CP violation in the MSSM. We find that CP-violating MSSM contributions to the meson mass mixing term are in general below the present upper limit, which is dominated by theoretical uncertainties. If these could be reduced, could also provide an interesting and complementary constraint on the six CP-violating MSSM phases, enabling them all to be determined experimentally, in principle. We also find that CP violation in the and couplings can be quite large, and so may offer interesting prospects for future , , and colliders."
"We consider the ghost-condensate model of dark energy with a generic potential term. The inclusion of the potential is shown to give greater freedom in realising the phantom regime. The self-consistency of the analysis is demonstrated using WMAP7 + BAO + Hubble data."
"In this note, we consider the Landau gauge in the continuum formulation. Our purposes are twofold. Firstly, we try to work out the consequences of the recently derived Cucchieri–Mendes bounds on the inverse Faddeev operator at the level of the path integral quantization. Secondly, we give an explicit (renormalizable) prescription to implement the so-called Landau -gauges as introduced by Maas."
"This paper presents cross sections for the production of a boson in association with jets, measured in proton–proton collisions at with the ATLAS experiment at the large hadron collider. With an integrated luminosity of , this data set allows for an exploration of a large kinematic range, including jet production up to a transverse momentum of and multiplicities up to seven associated jets. The production cross sections for bosons are measured in both the electron and muon decay channels. Differential cross sections for many observables are also presented including measurements of the jet observables such as the rapidities and the transverse momenta as well as measurements of event observables such as the scalar sums of the transverse momenta of the jets. The measurements are compared to numerous QCD predictions including next-to-leading-order perturbative calculations, resummation calculations and Monte Carlo generators."
"We revisit the shapes of the throats of wormholes, including thin-shell wormholes (TSWs) in dimensions. In particular, in the case of TSWs this is done in a flat -dimensional bulk spacetime by using the standard method of cut-and-paste. Upon departing from a pure time-dependent circular shape i.e., for the throat, we employ a -dependent closed loop of the form and in terms of we find the surface energy density on the throat. For the specific convex shapes we find that the total energy which supports the wormhole is positive and finite. In addition, we analyze the general wormhole’s throat. By considering the specific equation of instead of and upon certain choices of functions for , we find the total energy of the wormhole to be positive."
"In the range of temperatures reached in future heavy ion collision experiments, hadronic pair annihilations and creations of charm quarks may take place within the lifetime of the plasma. As a result, charm quarks may increase the bulk viscosity affecting the early stages of hydrodynamic expansion. Assuming thermalisation, we estimate the charm contribution to bulk viscosity within the same effective kinetic theory framework in which the light parton contribution has been computed previously. The time scale at which this physics becomes relevant is related to the width of the transport peak associated with the trace anomaly correlator and is found to be  fm/c for  MeV."
"A search for the production of single-top-quarks in association with missing energy is performed in proton–proton collisions at a centre-of-mass energy of with the ATLAS experiment at the large hadron collider using data collected in 2012, corresponding to an integrated luminosity of  fb. In this search, the boson from the top quark is required to decay into an electron or a muon and a neutrino. No deviation from the standard model prediction is observed, and upper limits are set on the production cross-section for resonant and non-resonant production of an invisible exotic state in association with a right-handed top quark. In the case of resonant production, for a spin- resonance with a mass of  GeV, an effective coupling strength above is excluded at 95 confidence level for the top quark and an invisible spin- state with mass between and  GeV. In the case of non-resonant production, an effective coupling strength above is excluded at 95 confidence level for the top quark and an invisible spin- state with mass between and  GeV."
"Area spectrum of black holes has been obtained via various methods such as quasinormal modes, adiabatic invariance and angular momentum. Among those methods, calculations were done by assuming black holes in thermal equilibrium. Nevertheless, black holes in the asymptotically flat space usually have a negative specific heat and therefore tend to stay away from thermal equilibrium. Even for black holes with a positive specific heat, the temperature may still not be well defined in the process of radiation, due to the back reaction of a decreasing mass. With respect to these facts, it is very likely that Hawking radiation is nonthermal and the area spectrum is no longer equidistant. In this note, we would like to illustrate how the area spectrum of black holes is corrected by this nonthermal effect."
"Null tetrads are shown to be a valuable tool in teleparallel theories of modified gravity. We use them to prove that Kerr geometry remains a solution for a wide family of theories of gravity."
"One of the stiffest equations of state for matter in a compact star is constant energy density and this generates the interior Schwarzschild radius to mass relation and the Misner maximum mass for relativistic compact stars. If dark matter populates the interior of stars, and this matter is supersymmetric or of some other type, some of it possessing a tiny electric charge, there is the possibility that highly compact stars can trap a small but non-negligible electric charge. In this case the radius to mass relation for such compact stars should get modifications. We use an analytical scheme to investigate the limiting radius to mass relation and the maximum mass of relativistic stars made of an incompressible fluid with a small electric charge. The investigation is carried out by using the hydrostatic equilibrium equation, i.e., the Tolman–Oppenheimer–Volkoff (TOV) equation, together with the other equations of structure, with the further hypothesis that the charge distribution is proportional to the energy density. The approach relies on Volkoff and Misner’s method to solve the TOV equation. For zero charge one gets the interior Schwarzschild limit, and supposing incompressible boson or fermion matter with constituents with masses of the order of the neutron mass one finds that the maximum mass is the Misner mass. For a small electric charge, our analytical approximating scheme, valid in first order in the star’s electric charge, shows that the maximum mass increases relatively to the uncharged case, whereas the minimum possible radius decreases, an expected effect since the new field is repulsive, aiding the pressure to sustain the star against gravitational collapse."
NaN
"The definition of the Sparling–Thirring form is extended to Brans–Dicke theory. By writing the Brans–Dicke field equations in a formally Maxwell-like form, a superpotential and a corresponding pseudo-energy-momentum form are defined. The general energy expression provided by the superpotential in the Jordan frame is discussed in relation to the corresponding expression in the Einstein frame. In order to substantiate its formal definition, the generalized Sparling–Thirring form is used to calculate the energy for the spherically symmetric vacuum solution in Brans–Dicke theory."
"We revisit various results, which have been obtained by the BABAR and Belle Collaborations over the last 13 years, concerning symmetry properties of the Hamiltonian, which governs the time evolution and the decay of neutral mesons. We find that those measurements, which established CP-violation in meson decay, 13 years ago, had as well established (time-reversal) symmetry violation. They also confirmed CPT symmetry in the decay and symmetry with respect to time-reversal and to CPT in the oscillation."
"We propose a model based on the gauge symmetry with an extra discrete group, which successfully accounts for the SM quark mass and mixing pattern. The observed hierarchy of the SM quark masses and quark mixing matrix elements arises from the and symmetries, which are broken at a very high scale by the scalar singlets (,) and , charged under these symmetries, respectively. The Cabbibo mixing arises from the down-type quark sector whereas the up quark sector generates the remaining quark mixing angles. The obtained magnitudes of the CKM matrix elements, the CP violating phase, and the Jarlskog invariant are in agreement with the experimental data."
"Interpreting the cosmological constant as a thermodynamic pressure and its conjugate quantity as a thermodynamic volume, we study the Maxwell equal-area law of higher dimensional Gauss–Bonnet–AdS black holes in extended phase space. These black hole solutions critically behave like van der Waals systems. It has been realized that below the critical temperature the stable equilibrium is violated. We show through calculations that the critical behaviors for the uncharged black holes only appear in . For the charged case, we analyze solutions in and separately and find that, up to some constraints, the critical behaviors only appear in the spherical topology. Using the Maxwell construction, we also find the isobar line for which the liquid–gas-like phases coexist."
NaN
"This paper reports on a search for narrow resonances in diboson production in the final state using collision data corresponding to an integrated luminosity of  fb collected at  TeV with the ATLAS detector at the Large Hadron Collider. No significant excess of data events over the Standard Model expectation is observed. Upper limits at the 95 % confidence level are set on the production cross section times branching ratio for Kaluza–Klein gravitons predicted by the Randall–Sundrum model and for Extended Gauge Model bosons. These results lead to the exclusion of mass values below 740 and 1590 GeV for the graviton and boson respectively."
"We study a chiral Yukawa model mimicking the Higgs–top–bottom sector of the standard model. We re-analyze the conventional arguments that relate a lower bound for the Higgs mass with vacuum stability in the light of exact results for the regularized fermion determinant as well as in the framework of the functional renormalization group. In both cases, we find no indication for vacuum instability nor meta-stability induced by top fluctuations if the cutoff is kept finite but arbitrary. A lower bound for the Higgs mass arises for the class of standard bare potentials of type from the requirement of a well-defined functional integral (i.e., stability of the bare potential). This consistency bound can, however, be relaxed considerably by more general forms of the bare potential without necessarily introducing new metastable minima."
"The latest MoEDAL experiment at LHC to detect the electroweak monopole makes the theoretical prediction of the monopole mass an urgent issue. We discuss three different ways to estimate the mass of the electroweak monopole. We first present the dimensional and scaling arguments which indicate the monopole mass to be around 4 to 10 TeV. To justify this we construct finite energy analytic dyon solutions which could be viewed as the regularized Cho–Maison dyon, modifying the coupling strength at short distance. Our result demonstrates that a genuine electroweak monopole whose mass scale is much smaller than the grand unification scale can exist, which can actually be detected at the present LHC."
"The purely electroweak (EW) cross section for the production of two jets in association with a Z boson, in proton–proton collisions at , is measured using data recorded by the CMS experiment at the CERN LHC, corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 19.7. The electroweak cross section for the final state (with or and j representing the quarks produced in the hard interaction) in the kinematic region defined by , , transverse momentum , and pseudorapidity , is found to be , in agreement with the standard model prediction. The associated jet activity of the selected events is studied, in particular in a signal-enriched region of phase space, and the measurements are found to be in agreement with QCD predictions."
"Inclusive jet, dijet and trijet differential cross sections are measured in neutral current deep-inelastic scattering for exchanged boson virtualities using the H1 detector at HERA. The data were taken in the years 2003 to 2007 and correspond to an integrated luminosity of . Double differential Jet cross sections are obtained using a regularised unfolding procedure. They are presented as a function of and the transverse momentum of the jet, , and as a function of and the proton’s longitudinal momentum fraction, , carried by the parton participating in the hard interaction. In addition normalised double differential jet cross sections are measured as the ratio of the jet cross sections to the inclusive neutral current cross sections in the respective bins of the jet measurements. Compared to earlier work, the measurements benefit from an improved reconstruction and calibration of the hadronic final state. The cross sections are compared to perturbative QCD calculations in next-to-leading order and are used to determine the running coupling and the value of the strong coupling constant as ."
"We present the complete next-to-leading order calculation of isolated prompt photon production in association with a jet in deep-inelastic scattering. The calculation involves, direct, resolved, and fragmentation contributions. It is shown that defining the transverse momenta in the proton virtual-photon frame (CM), as usually done, or in the laboratory frame, as done in some experiments, is not equivalent and leads to important differences concerning the perturbative approach. In fact, using the latter frame may preclude, under certain conditions, the calculation of the next-to-leading order correction to the important resolved component. A comparison with the latest ZEUS data is performed and good agreement is found in the perturbatively stable regions."
"Recently, Pani et al. explored a new theory of gravity by adding nondynamical fields, i.e., gravity with auxiliary fields (Phys Rev D 88:121502, 2013). In this gravity theory, higher-order derivatives of matter fields generically appear in the field equations. In this paper we extend this theory to any dimensions and discuss the thick braneworld model in five dimensions. Domain wall solutions are obtained numerically. The stability of the brane system under tensor perturbations is analyzed. We find that the system is stable under tensor perturbations and the gravity zero mode is localized on the brane. Therefore, the four-dimensional Newtonian potential can be realized on the brane."
"A dynamical analysis of a spherically symmetric collapsing star surrounded by a locally anisotropic environment under an expansion-free condition is presented in gravity, where corresponds to the Ricci scalar and stands for the trace of the energy momentum tensor. The modified field equations and evolution equations are reconstructed in the framework of gravity. In order to acquire the collapse equation we implement the perturbation on all matter variables and dark source components comprising the viable model. The instability range is described in the Newtonian and post-Newtonian approximation. It is observed that the unequal stresses and density profile define the instability range rather than the adiabatic index. However, the physical quantities are constrained to maintain positivity of the energy density and a stable stellar configuration."
"We compute the two-loop QCD corrections to the neutral Higgs-boson masses in the Minimal Supersymmetric Standard Model, including the effect of non-vanishing external momenta in the self-energies. We obtain corrections of and , i.e., all two-loop corrections that involve the strong gauge coupling when the only non-vanishing Yukawa coupling is the top one. We adopt either the renormalization scheme or a mixed on-shell (OS)– scheme where the top/stop parameters are renormalized on-shell. We compare our results with those of earlier calculations, pointing out an inconsistency in a recent result obtained in the mixed OS– scheme. The numerical impact of the new corrections on the prediction for the lightest-scalar mass is moderate, but already comparable to the accuracy of the Higgs-mass measurement at the Large Hadron Collider."
"We consider Kasner-type static, cylindrically symmetric interior string solutions in the theory of modified gravity. The physical properties of the string are described by an anisotropic energy-momentum tensor satisfying the condition ; that is, the energy density of the string along the -axis is equal to minus the string tension. As a first step in our study we obtain the gravitational field equations in the theory for a general static, cylindrically symmetric metric, and then for a Kasner-type metric, in which the metric tensor components have a power law dependence on the radial coordinate . String solutions in two particular modified gravity models are investigated in detail. The first is the so-called “exponential” modified gravity, in which the gravitational action is proportional to the exponential of the sum of the Ricci scalar and matter Lagrangian, and the second is the “self-consistent model”, obtained by explicitly determining the gravitational action from the field equations under the assumption of a power law dependent matter Lagrangian. In each case, the thermodynamic parameters of the string, as well as the precise form of the matter Lagrangian, are explicitly obtained."
"Existing widely used pileup removal approaches correct the momenta of individual jets. In this article we introduce an event-level, particle-based pileup correction procedure, SoftKiller. It removes the softest particles in an event, up to a transverse momentum threshold that is determined dynamically on an event-by-event basis. In simulations, this simple procedure appears to be reasonably robust and brings superior jet resolution performance compared to existing jet-based approaches. It is also nearly two orders of magnitude faster than methods based on jet areas."
"The present work explores the effects of the three-parametric model on the stability of the regular energy density of planar fluid configurations with the Palatini formalism. For this purpose, we develop a link between the Weyl scalar and structural properties of the system by evaluating a couple of differential equations. We also see the effects of Palatini terms in the formulation of structure scalars obtained by orthogonal splitting of the Riemann tensor in general relativity. We then identify the parameters which produce energy density irregularities in expansive and expansion-free dissipative as well as non-dissipative matter distributions. It is found that particular combinations of the matter variables lead to irregularities in an initially homogeneous fluid distribution. We conclude that Palatini extra corrections tend to decrease the inhomogeneity, thereby imparting stability to the self-gravitating system."
"We study massive charged fermionic perturbations in the background of a charged two-dimensional dilatonic black hole, and we solve the Dirac equation analytically. Then we compute the reflection and transmission coefficients and the absorption cross section for massive charged fermionic fields, and we show that the absorption cross section vanishes at the low- and high-frequency limits. However, there is a range of frequencies where the absorption cross section is not null. Furthermore, we study the effect of the mass and electric charge of the fermionic field over the absorption cross section."
"We present the implementation, in the MadAnalysis 5 framework, of several ATLAS and CMS searches for supersymmetry in data recorded during the first run of the LHC. We provide extensive details on the validation of our implementations and propose to create a public analysis database within this framework."
"The simple chaotic inflation is highly consistent with the BICEP2 experiment, and no-scale supergravity can be realized naturally in various string compactifications. Thus, we construct a chaotic inflation model in no-scale supergravity inspired from Type IIB string compactification with an anomalous gauged symmetry. We introduce two moduli and which transform non-trivially under , and some pairs of fundamental quarks charged under the gauge group. The non-trivial transformations of moduli under lead to a moduli-dependent Fayet–Iliopoulos (FI) term. The modulus and the real component of are stabilized by the non-perturbative effect from quark condensation and the D-term. In particular, the stabilization from the anomalous D-term with moduli-dependent FI term is crucial for inflation since it gives heavy mass to the real component of the modulus while keeping its axionic part light. Choosing the proper parameters, we obtain a global Minkowski vacuum where the imaginary part of has a quadratic potential for chaotic inflation."
"In this paper, we obtain higher dimensional topological black hole solutions of Einstein- gravity in the presence of a class of nonlinear electrodynamics. First, we calculate the conserved and thermodynamic quantities of ()-dimensional asymptotically flat solutions and show that they satisfy the first law of thermodynamics. Also, we investigate the stability of these solutions in the (grand) canonical ensemble. Second, we endow a global rotation to the static Ricci-flat solutions and calculate the conserved quantities of solutions by using the counterterm method. We obtain a Smarr-type formula for the mass as a function of the entropy, the angular momenta and the electric charge, and show that these quantities satisfy the first law of thermodynamics. Then, we perform a stability analysis of the rotating solutions both in the canonical and the grand canonical ensembles."
"In the present work, we revisit the process of gravitational collapse of a spherically symmetric homogeneous dust fluid which is described by the Oppenheimer–Snyder (OS) model (Oppenheimer and Snyder in Phys Rev D 56:455, 1939). We show that such a scenario would not end in a spacetime singularity when the spin degrees of freedom of fermionic particles within the collapsing cloud are taken into account. To this purpose, we take the matter content of the stellar object as a homogeneous Weyssenhoff fluid. Employing the homogeneous and isotropic FLRW metric for the interior spacetime setup, it is shown that the spin of matter, in the context of a negative pressure, acts against the pull of gravity and decelerates the dynamical evolution of the collapse in its later stages. Our results show a picture of gravitational collapse in which the collapse process halts at a finite radius, whose value depends on the initial configuration. We thus show that the spacetime singularity that occurs in the OS model is replaced by a non-singular bounce beyond which the collapsing cloud re-expands to infinity. Depending on the model parameters, one can find a minimum value for the boundary of the collapsing cloud or correspondingly a threshold value for the mass content below which the horizon formation can be avoided. Our results are supported by a thorough numerical analysis."
"M87 is a giant radio galaxy with FR-I morphology. It underwent three episodes of TeV flaring in recent years with the strongest one in April 2010 which was jointly monitored by MAGIC, VERITAS and H.E.S.S. We explain its spectral energy distribution in the energy range 0.3–5 TeV by assuming that the flaring occurs in the innermost region of the jet. In this region the low energy SSC photons serve as the target for the Fermi-accelerated high energy protons of energy  TeV to form a delta resonance. The TeV photons are produced from the subsequent decay of the delta resonance to neutral pions. In this scenario the observed TeV flux of April 2010 flare is fitted very well."
"We present an updated analysis of the Yukawa matrix unification within the renormalizable R-parity-conserving Minimal Supersymmetric Standard Model. It is assumed that the soft terms are non-universal but flavour-diagonal in the super-CKM basis at the GUT scale. Trilinear Higgs–squark–squark -terms can generate large threshold corrections to the Yukawa matrix at the superpartner decoupling scale. In effect, the boundary condition at the GUT scale can be satisfied. However, such large trilinear terms make the usual Higgs vacuum metastable (though long-lived). We broaden previous studies by including results from the first LHC phase, notably the measurement of the Higgs particle mass, as well as a quantitative investigation of flavour observables."
"In the article, we assume the two scalar nonet mesons below and above 1 GeV are all states, in case I, the scalar mesons below 1 GeV are the ground states, in case II, the scalar mesons above 1 GeV are the ground states. We calculate the form-factors by taking into account the perturbative corrections to the twist-2 terms using the light-cone QCD sum rules and fit the numerical values of the form-factors into the single-pole forms, which have many phenomenological applications."
"Using the likelihood ratio test statistic, we present a method which can be employed to test the hypothesis of a single Higgs boson using the matrix of measured signal strengths. This method can be applied in the presence of incomplete data and takes into account uncertainties on the measurements. The value against the hypothesis of a single Higgs boson is defined from the expected distribution of the test statistic, generated using pseudo-experiments. The applicability of the likelihood-based test is demonstrated using numerical examples with uncertainties and missing matrix elements."
"In this work, we explore a mechanism for abelian gauge field localization on thick branes based on a five-dimensional Stueckelberg-like action. A normalizable zero mode is found through the identification of a suitable coupling function between the brane and the gauge field. The same mechanism is studied for the localization of the abelian Kalb–Ramond field."
"In this paper we investigate the properties of tunneling spectrum from weakly isolated horizon (WIH)—a locally defined black hole. We find that there exist correlations among Hawking radiations from a WIH, information can be carried out by such correlations, and the radiation is an entropy conservation process. Through revisiting the calculation of the tunneling spectrum from a WIH, we find that Zhang et al.’s (Ann Phys 326:350, 2011) requirement that radiated particles have the same angular momenta of a unit mass as that of the black hole is unnecessary, and the energy and angular momenta of the emitted particles are very arbitrary, restricted only by keeping the cosmic censorship hypothesis of black holes. So we resolve the information loss paradox based on the method of Zhang et al. (Phys Lett B 675:98, 2009; Ann Phys 326:350, 2011; Int J Mod Phys D 22:1341014, 2013) in a general case."
"We investigate regularization of scalar one-loop integrals in the Pauli–Villars subtraction scheme. The results depend on the number of subtractions, in particular the finite terms that survive after the divergences have been absorbed by renormalization. Therefore the process of Pauli–Villars regularization is ambiguous. We discuss how these ambiguities may be resolved by applying an asymptotically large number of subtractions, which results in a regularization that is automatically valid in any number of dimensions."
"In this paper, we study the leading-twist distribution amplitude (DA) of the heavy pseudoscalars (HPs), such as , , and , within the QCD theory in the background fields. New sum rules up to dimension-six condensates for both the HP decay constants and their leading-twist DA moments are presented. From the sum rules for the HP decay constants, we obtain , , and . Based on the sum rules for the HPs’ leading-twist DA moments, we construct a new model for the , , and leading-twist DAs. Our present HP DA model is also adaptable for the light pseudoscalar DAs, such as the pion and kaon DAs. Thus, it shall be applicable for a wide range of QCD exclusive processes. As an application, we apply the leading-twist DA to calculate the transition form factor . At the maximum recoil region, we obtain . Furthermore we predict the branching ratio for the semi-leptonic decay and obtain for massless leptons, which is consistent with the light-cone sum rules estimation obtained in the literature."
"Dark energy models are here investigated and studied in the framework of the Chern–Simons modified gravity model. We bring into focus the holographic dark energy model with Granda–Oliveros cut-off, the modified holographic Ricci dark energy model and a model with higher derivatives of the Hubble parameter. The relevant expressions of the scale factor for a Friedmann–Robertson–Walker Universe are derived and studied, and, in this context, the evolution of the scale factor is shown to be similar to the one displayed by the modified Chaplygin gas in two of the above models."
"In this paper, we study two different models of dark energy based on the Chaplygin gas equation of state. The first model is the variable modified Chaplygin gas, while the second one is the extended Chaplygin gas. Both models are considered in the framework of higher order modified gravity. We also consider the case of time-varying gravitational constant and for both models. We investigate some cosmological parameters such as the Hubble, the deceleration, and the equation of state parameters. Then we show that the model that we consider, the extended Chaplygin gas with time-dependent and , is consistent with the observational data. Finally we conclude with the discussion of cosmological perturbations of our model."
"The power spectra of the scalar and tensor perturbations in the noncommutative k-inflation model are calculated in this paper. In this model, all the modes created when the stringy space–time uncertainty relation is satisfied, and they are generated inside the sound/Hubble horizon during inflation for the scalar/tensor perturbations. It turns out that a linear term describing the noncommutative space–time effect contributes to the power spectra of the scalar and tensor perturbations. Confronting the general noncommutative k-inflation model with latest results from &lt;i&gt;Planck&lt;i/&gt; and BICEP2, and taking and as free parameters, we find that it is well consistent with observations. However, for the two specific models, i.e. the tachyon and DBI inflation models, it is found that the DBI model is not favored, while the tachyon model lies inside the contour, when the e-folding number is assumed to be around ."
"We propose a new model of dark energy star consisting of five zones, namely, the solid core of constant energy density, the thin shell between core and interior, an inhomogeneous interior region with anisotropic pressures, a thin shell, and the exterior vacuum region. We discuss various physical properties. The model satisfies all the physical requirements. The stability condition under a small linear perturbation is also discussed."
"We consider light higgsinos and singlinos in the next-to-minimal supersymmetric standard model at the large hadron collider. We assume that the singlino is the lightest supersymmetric particle and that the higgsino is the next-to-lightest supersymmetric particle with the remaining supersymmetric particles in the multi-TeV range. This scenario, which is motivated by the flavor and CP issues, provides a phenomenologically viable dark matter candidate and improved electroweak fit consistent with the measured Higgs mass. Here, the higgsinos decay into on (off)-shell gauge boson and the singlino. We consider the leptonic decay modes and the resulting signature is three isolated leptons and missing transverse energy which is known as the trilepton signal. We simulate the signal and the Standard Model backgrounds and present the exclusion region in the higgsino–singlino mass plane at the large hadron collider at  TeV for an integrated luminosity of 300 fb."
"The GERmanium Detector Array (Gerda) at the Gran Sasso Underground Laboratory (LNGS) searches for the neutrinoless double beta decay () of Ge. Germanium detectors made of material with an enriched Ge fraction act simultaneously as sources and detectors for this decay. During Phase I of theexperiment mainly refurbished semi-coaxial Ge detectors from former experiments were used. For the upcoming Phase II, 30 new Ge enriched detectors of broad energy germanium (BEGe)-type were produced. A subgroup of these detectors has already been deployed in Gerda during Phase I. The present paper reviews the complete production chain of these BEGe detectors including isotopic enrichment, purification, crystal growth and diode production. The efforts in optimizing the mass yield and in minimizing the exposure of the Ge enriched germanium to cosmic radiation during processing are described. Furthermore, characterization measurements in vacuum cryostats of the first subgroup of seven BEGe detectors and their long-term behavior in liquid argon are discussed. The detector performance fulfills the requirements needed for the physics goals of Gerda Phase II."
"Quark ensembles influenced by strong stochastic vacuum gluon fields are investigated within the four-fermion interaction approximation. The comparative analysis of several quantum liquid models is performed and this analysis leads to the conclusion that the presence of a gas–liquid phase transition is their characteristic feature. The problem of the instability of small quark number droplets is discussed and it is argued that it is rooted in the chiral soliton formation. The existence of a mixed phase of the vacuum and baryon matter is proposed as a possible explanation of the latter stability."
"We calculate the cross section for the inclusive production of mesons in and collisions at next-to-leading order in the general-mass variable-flavor-number scheme and show that a suitable choice of factorization scales leads to a smooth transition to the fixed-flavor-number scheme. Our numerical results are in good agreement with data from the Tevatron and LHC experiments at small and at large transverse momenta."
"If two DGP branes carry gauge theories and overlap, particles of one brane can interact with the photons from the other brane. This coupling modifies in particular the Coulomb potentials between charges from the same brane in the overlapping regions. The coupling also introduces Coulomb interactions between charges from the different branes which can generate exotic bound states. The effective modification of the fine structure constant in the overlap region generates a trough in signals at the redshift of the overlap region and an increase at smaller or larger redshift, depending on the value of the crosstalk parameter . This implies potentially observable perturbations in the Lyman forest if our 3-brane overlapped with another 3-brane in a region with redshift . Crosstalk can also affect structure formation by enhancing or suppressing radiative cooling."
NaN
"The problem of gravity propagation has been subject of discussion for quite a long time: Newton, Laplace and, in relatively more modern times, Eddington pointed out that, if gravity propagated with finite velocity, planet motion around the sun would become unstable due to a torque originating from time lag of the gravitational interactions. Such an odd behavior can be found also in electromagnetism, when one computes the propagation of the electric fields generated by a set of uniformly moving charges. As a matter of fact the Liénard–Weichert retarded potential leads to the same formula as the one obtained assuming that the electric field propagate with infinite velocity. The Feynman explanation for this apparent paradox was based on the fact that uniform motions last indefinitely. To verify such an explanation, we performed an experiment to measure the time/space evolution of the electric field generated by an uniformly moving electron beam. The results we obtain, on a finite lifetime kinematical state, are compatible with an electric field rigidly carried by the beam itself."
"We study glueball production in gluonic penguin decay , using the next-to-leading order gluonic penguin interaction and effective couplings of a glueball to two perturbative gluons. Subsequent decays of a scalar glueball are described by using techniques of effective chiral Lagrangians to incorporate the interaction between a glueball and pseudoscalar mesons. Mixing effects between the pure glueball with other mesons are considered. Identifying the as a scalar glueball, we find that both the top and the charm penguin are important and obtain a sizable branching ratio for of order , where the effective coupling strength is estimated to be GeV using experimental data for the branching ratio of based on a chiral Lagrangian estimate. An alternative perturbative QCD based estimation of is a factor of 20 larger, which would imply a much enhanced branching ratio. Glueball production from this rare semi-inclusive decay can be probed at the LHCb and Belle II to narrow down the allowed parameter space. A similar branching ratio is expected for the pseudoscalar glueball. We also briefly comment on the case of vector and tensor glueballs."
"We present a fully automated framework as part of the Sherpa event generator for the computation of tree-level cross sections in Beyond Standard Model scenarios, making use of model information given in the Universal FeynRules Output format. Elementary vertices are implemented into C++ code automatically and provided to the matrix-element generator Comix at runtime. Widths and branching ratios for unstable particles are computed from the same building blocks. The corresponding decays are simulated with spin correlations. Parton showers, QED radiation and hadronization are added by Sherpa, providing a full simulation of arbitrary BSM processes at the hadron level."
"We study a set of exclusive and decay modes induced by the rare transition in the RS model, an extra-dimensional extension of the standard model with warped 5D metric and extended gauge group. We discuss the role of correlations among the observables, and their importance for detecting the predicted small deviations from the standard model expectations."
"Cosmic bubbles are nucleated through the quantum tunneling process. After nucleation they would expand and undergo collisions with each other. In this paper, we focus in particular on collisions of two equal-sized bubbles and compute gravitational waves emitted from the collisions. First, we study the mechanism of the collisions by means of a real scalar field and its quartic potential. Then, using this model, we compute gravitational waves from the collisions in a straightforward manner. In the quadrupole approximation, &lt;i&gt;time-domain&lt;i/&gt; gravitational waveforms are directly obtained by integrating the energy-momentum tensors over the volume of the wave sources, where the energy-momentum tensors are expressed in terms of the scalar field, the local geometry and the potential. We present gravitational waveforms emitted during (i) the initial-to-intermediate stage of strong collisions and (ii) the final stage of weak collisions: the former is obtained numerically, in &lt;i&gt;full General Relativity&lt;i/&gt; and the latter analytically, in the flat spacetime approximation. We gain &lt;i&gt; qualitative&lt;i/&gt; insights into the time-domain gravitational waveforms from bubble collisions: during (i), the waveforms show the non-linearity of the collisions, characterized by a modulating frequency and cusp-like bumps, whereas during (ii), the waveforms exhibit the linearity of the collisions, featured by smooth monochromatic oscillations."
"The Fortran LHAPDF library has been a long-term workhorse in particle physics, providing standardised access to parton density functions for experimental and phenomenological purposes alike, following on from the venerable PDFLIB package. During Run 1 of the LHC, however, several fundamental limitations in LHAPDF’s design have became deeply problematic, restricting the usability of the library for important physics-study procedures and providing dangerous avenues by which to silently obtain incorrect results. In this paper we present the LHAPDF 6 library, a ground-up re-engineering of the PDFLIB/LHAPDF paradigm for PDF access which removes all limits on use of concurrent PDF sets, massively reduces static memory requirements, offers improved CPU performance, and fixes fundamental bugs in multi-set access to PDF metadata. The new design, restricted for now to interpolated PDFs, uses centralised numerical routines and a powerful cascading metadata system to decouple software releases from provision of new PDF data and allow completely general parton content. More than 200 PDF sets have been migrated from LHAPDF 5 to the new universal data format, via a stringent quality control procedure. LHAPDF 6 is supported by many Monte Carlo generators and other physics programs, in some cases via a full set of compatibility routines, and is recommended for the demanding PDF access needs of LHC Run 2 and beyond."
"Based on a regular exact black hole (BH) from nonlinear electrodynamics (NLED) coupled to general relativity, we investigate the stability of such BH through the Quasinormal Modes (QNMs) of electromagnetic (EM) field perturbations and its thermodynamics through Hawking radiation. In perturbation theory, we can deduce the effective potential from a nonlinear EM field. The comparison of the potential function between regular and RN BHs could predict similar QNMs. The QNM frequencies tell us the effect of the magnetic charge , the overtone , and the angular momentum number on the dynamic evolution of NLED EM field. Furthermore we also discuss the cases of near-extreme conditions of such a magnetically charged regular BH. The corresponding QNM spectrum illuminates some special properties in the near-extreme cases. For the thermodynamics, we employ the Hamilton–Jacobi method to calculate the near-horizon Hawking temperature of the regular BH and reveal the relationship between the classical parameters of the black hole and its quantum effects."
"The shadows cast by non-rotating and rotating modified gravity black holes are determined by the two parameters mass and angular momentum . The sizes of the shadows cast by the spherically symmetric static modified gravity–Schwarzschild and modified gravity–Kerr rotating black holes increase significantly as the free parameter is increased from zero. The Event Horizon Telescope shadow image measurements can determine whether Einstein’s general relativity is correct or whether it should be modified in the presence of strong gravitational fields."
"We assume the most general static spherically symmetric black hole metric. The accretion of any general kind of fluid flow around the black hole is investigated. The accretion of the fluid flow around the modified Hayward black hole is analyzed, and we then calculate the critical point, the fluid’s four-velocity, and the velocity of sound during the accretion process. Also the nature of the dynamical mass of the black hole during accretion of the fluid flow, taking into consideration Hawking radiation from the black hole, i.e., evaporation of the black hole, is analyzed."
"We define a set of pseudo-observables characterizing the properties of Higgs decays in generic extensions of the Standard Model with no new particles below the Higgs mass. The pseudo-observables can be determined from experimental data, providing a systematic generalization of the “-framework” so far adopted by the LHC experiments. The pseudo-observables are defined from on-shell decay amplitudes, allow for a systematic inclusion of higher-order QED and QCD corrections, and can be computed in any Effective Field Theory (EFT) approach to Higgs physics. We analyze the reduction of the number of independent pseudo-observables following from the hypotheses of lepton universality, CP invariance, custodial symmetry, and linearly realized electroweak symmetry breaking. We outline the importance of kinematical studies of decays for the extraction of such parameters and present their predictions in the linear EFT framework."
"We propose a static and axisymmetric braneworld in six dimensions as a string-like model extension. For a subtle warp function, this scenario provides near brane corrections. By varying the bulk cosmological constant, we obtain a source which passes through different phases. The solution is defined both for the interior and for the exterior of the string and satisfies all the energy conditions. A smoothed gravitational massless mode is localized on the brane, of which the core is displaced from the origin. In contrast to the thin-string model, the massive solutions have a high amplitude near the brane. Furthermore, by means of an analog quantum potential analysis, we show that only s-wave gravitational Kaluza–Klein modes are permissible."
"The pseudorapidity density of charged particles dN/d is measured by the TOTEM experiment in proton–proton collisions at  TeV within the range and . Data were collected in a low intensity LHC run with collisions occurring at a distance of 11.25 m from the nominal interaction point. The data sample is expected to include 96–97 % of the inelastic proton–proton interactions. The measurement reported here considers charged particles with MeV/c, produced in inelastic interactions with at least one charged particle in or . The dN/d has been found to decrease with , from 5.11 0.73 at to 1.81 0.56 at 6.925. Several Monte Carlo generators are compared to the data and are found to be within the systematic uncertainty of the measurement."
"A QED-based model of a new version of vacuum energy has recently been suggested, which leads to a simple, finite, one parameter representation of dark energy. An elementary, obvious, but perhaps radical generalization is then able to describe both dark energy and inflation in the same framework of vacuum energy. One further, obvious generalization then leads to a relation between inflation and the big bang, to the automatic inclusion of dark matter, and to a possible understanding of the birth (and death) of a universe."
"The spin density matrix of the has been determined for the reaction with unpolarized in-flight data measured by the Crystal Barrel LEAR experiment at CERN. The two main decay modes of the into and have been separately analyzed for various momenta between 600 and 1940 MeV/c. The results obtained with the usual method by extracting the matrix elements via the decay angular distributions and with the more sophisticated method via a full partial wave analysis are in good agreement. A strong spin alignment of the is clearly visible in this energy regime and all individual spin density matrix elements exhibit an oscillatory dependence on the production angle. In addition, the largest contributing orbital angular momentum of the system has been identified for the different beam momenta. It increases from 2 at 600 MeV/c to 5 at 1940 MeV/c."
"To explain the accelerated expansion of our universe, dark energy is a suitable candidate. Motivated by this concept in the present paper we have obtained a new model of an anisotropic superdense star which admits conformal motions in the presence of a quintessence field which is characterized by a parameter with . The model has been developed by choosing the Vaidya–Tikekar ansatz (J Astrophys Astron 3:325, 1982). Our model satisfies all the physical requirements. We have analyzed our result analytically as well as with the help of a graphical representation."
"Two popular perspectives on the non-perturbative domain of Yang–Mills theories are either in terms of the gluons themselves or in terms of collective gluonic excitations, i.e. topological excitations. If both views are correct, then they are only two different representations of the same underlying physics. One possibility to investigate this connection is by the determination of gluon correlation functions in topological background fields, as created by the smearing of lattice configurations. This is performed here for the minimal Landau gauge gluon propagator, ghost propagator, and running coupling, both in momentum and position space for SU(2) Yang–Mills theory. The results show that the salient low-momentum features of the propagators are qualitatively retained under smearing at sufficiently small momenta, in agreement with an equivalence of both perspectives. However, the mid-momentum behavior is significantly affected. These results are also relevant for the construction of truncations in functional methods, as they provide hints on necessary properties to be retained in truncations."
"We present results for the quenching, elliptic flow and azimuthal correlations of heavy-flavor particles in high-energy nucleus-nucleus collisions obtained through the POWLANG transport setup, developed in the past to study the propagation of heavy quarks in the Quark–Gluon Plasma and here extended to include a modeling of their hadronization in the presence of a medium. Hadronization is described as occurring via the fragmentation of strings with endpoints given by the heavy (anti-) quark and a thermal parton from the medium. The flow of the light quarks is shown to affect significantly the and of the final mesons, leading to a better agreement with the experimental data. The approach allows also predictions for the angular correlation between heavy-flavor hadrons (or their decay electrons) and the charged particles produced in the fragmentation of the heavy-quark strings."
"The performance of the ATLAS muon trigger system is evaluated with proton–proton collision data collected in 2012 at the Large Hadron Collider at a centre-of-mass energy of 8 TeV. It is primarily evaluated using events containing a pair of muons from the decay of bosons. The efficiency of the single-muon trigger is measured for muons with transverse momentum  GeV, with a statistical uncertainty of less than 0.01 % and a systematic uncertainty of 0.6 %. The range for efficiency determination is extended by using muons from decays of mesons, bosons, and top quarks. The muon trigger shows highly uniform and stable performance. The performance is compared to the prediction of a detailed simulation."
"Respecting the group theoretical approach, it is debated that the theory of linear conformal gravity should be formulated through a tensor field of rank-3 and mixed symmetry (Binegar et al., Phys Rev D 27: 2249, 1983). Pursuing this path, such a field equation was obtained in de Sitter space (Takook et al., J Math Phys 51:032503, 2010). In the present work, considering the de Sitter ambient space notation, a proper solution to the physical part of this field equation is obtained. We have also calculated the related two-point function, which is interestingly de Sitter invariant and free of an infrared divergence."
"In this paper, we consider the Universe at the late stage of its evolution and deep inside the cell of uniformity. At these scales, the Universe is filled with inhomogeneously distributed discrete structures (galaxies, groups and clusters of galaxies). Supposing that the Universe contains also the cosmological constant and a perfect fluid with a negative constant equation of state (EoS) parameter (e.g., quintessence, phantom or frustrated network of topological defects), we investigate scalar perturbations of the Friedmann–Robertson–Walker metrics due to inhomogeneities. Our analysis shows that, to be compatible with the theory of scalar perturbations, this perfect fluid, first, should be clustered and, second, should have the EoS parameter . In particular, this value corresponds to the frustrated network of cosmic strings. Therefore, the frustrated network of domain walls with is ruled out. A perfect fluid with neither accelerates nor decelerates the Universe. We also obtain the equation for the nonrelativistic gravitational potential created by a system of inhomogeneities. Due to the perfect fluid with , the physically reasonable solutions take place for flat, open and closed Universes. This perfect fluid is concentrated around the inhomogeneities and results in screening of the gravitational potential."
"In this work wormholes in viable gravity models are analyzed. We are interested in exact solutions for stress-energy tensor components depending on different shape and redshift functions. Several solutions of gravitational equations for different models are examined. The solutions found imply no need for exotic material, while this need is implied in the standard general theory of relativity. A simple expression for weak energy condition (WEC) violation near the throat is derived and analyzed. High curvature regime is also discussed, as well as the question of the highest possible values of the Ricci scalar for which the WEC is not violated near the throat, and corresponding functions are calculated for several models. The approach here differs from the one that has been common since no additional assumptions to simplify the equations have been made, and the functions in models are not considered to be arbitrary functions, but rather a feature of the theory that has to be evaluated on the basis of consistency with observations for the Solar System and cosmological evolution. Therefore in this work we show that the existence of wormholes without exotic matter is not only possible in simple arbitrary models, but also in models that are in accordance with empirical data."
"We present the development and application of a generic analysis scheme for the measurement of neutrino spectra with the IceCube detector. This scheme is based on regularized unfolding, preceded by an event selection which uses a Minimum Redundancy Maximum Relevance algorithm to select the relevant variables and a random forest for the classification of events. The analysis has been developed using IceCube data from the 59-string configuration of the detector. 27,771 neutrino candidates were detected in 346 days of livetime. A rejection of 99.9999 % of the atmospheric muon background is achieved. The energy spectrum of the atmospheric neutrino flux is obtained using the TRUEE unfolding program. The unfolded spectrum of atmospheric muon neutrinos covers an energy range from 100 GeV to 1 PeV. Compared to the previous measurement using the detector in the 40-string configuration, the analysis presented here, extends the upper end of the atmospheric neutrino spectrum by more than a factor of two, reaching an energy region that has not been previously accessed by spectral measurements."
"In this paper we discuss some consequences of cosmological models in which the primordial cosmic matter is described by a relativistic imperfect fluid. The latter takes into account the dissipative effects (bulk viscosity) arising from different cooling rates of the fluid components in the expanding Universe. We discuss, in particular, the effects of the bulk viscosity on Big Bang Nucleosynthesis and on the thermal relic abundance of particles, looking at recent results of PAMELA experiment. The latter has determined an anomalous excess of positron events, which cannot be explained by conventional cosmology and particle physics."
"Our universe hosts various large-scale structures from voids to galaxy clusters, so it would be interesting to find some simple and reasonable measure to describe the inhomogeneities in the universe. We explore two different methods for this purpose: the Kullback–Leibler entropy and the Weyl curvature tensor. These two quantities characterize the deviation of the actual distribution of matter from the unperturbed background. We calculate these two measures in the spherically symmetric Lemaître–Tolman–Bondi model in the dust universe. Both exact and perturbative calculations are presented, and we observe that these two measures are in proportion up to second order."
"We argue that noncommutative space-times lead to an anisotropic dipolar imaginary primordial power spectrum. We define a new product rule, which allows us to consistently extract the power spectrum in such space-times. The precise nature of the power spectrum depends on the model of noncommutative geometry. We assume a simple dipolar model which has a power dependence on the wave number, , with a spectral index, . We show that such a spectrum provides a good description of the observed dipole modulation in the cosmic microwave background radiation (CMBR) data with . We extract the parameters of this model from the data. The dipole modulation is related to the observed hemispherical anisotropy in the CMBR data, which might represent the first signature of quantum gravity."
"The European Research Council has recently funded HOLMES, a new experiment to directly measure the neutrino mass. HOLMES will perform a calorimetric measurement of the energy released in the decay of Ho. The calorimetric measurement eliminates systematic uncertainties arising from the use of external beta sources, as in experiments with beta spectrometers. This measurement was proposed in 1982 by A. De Rujula and M. Lusignoli, but only recently the detector technological progress allowed to design a sensitive experiment. HOLMES will deploy a large array of low temperature microcalorimeters with implanted Ho nuclei. The resulting mass sensitivity will be as low as 0.4 eV. HOLMES will be an important step forward in the direct neutrino mass measurement with a calorimetric approach as an alternative to spectrometry. It will also establish the potential of this approach to extend the sensitivity down to 0.1 eV. We outline here the project with its technical challenges and perspectives."
"In this paper, we investigate chaotic inflation from a scalar field subjected to a potential in the framework of -gravity, where we add a correction to Einstein’s gravity based on a function of the square of the Ricci scalar , the contraction of the Ricci tensor , and the contraction of the Riemann tensor . The Gauss–Bonnet case is also discussed. We give the general formalism of inflation, deriving the slow-roll parameters, the -fold number, and the spectral indices. Several explicit examples are furnished; namely, we will consider the cases of a massive scalar field and a scalar field with quartic potential and some power-law function of the curvature invariants under investigation in the gravitational action of the theory. A viable approach to inflation according with observations is analyzed."
"We calculate the proton and neutron spin contributions for nuclei using semi-empirical methods, as well as a novel hybrid ab initio/semi-empirical method, for interpretation of experimental data. We demonstrate that core-polarisation corrections to ab initio nuclear shell model calculations generally reduce discrepancies in proton and neutron spin expectation values from different calculations. We derive constraints on the spin-dependent P,T-violating interaction of a bound proton with nucleons, which for certain ranges of exchanged pseudoscalar boson masses improve on the most stringent laboratory limits by several orders of magnitude. We derive a limit on the CPT and Lorentz-invariance-violating parameter  GeV, which improves on the most stringent existing limit by a factor of 8, and we demonstrate sensitivities to the parameters and at the level – GeV, which is a one order of magnitude improvement compared to the corresponding existing sensitivities. We extend previous analysis of nuclear anapole moment data for Cs to obtain new limits on several other CPT and Lorentz-invariance-violating parameters:  GeV, ,  GeV and ."
"Using the helicity formalism, we calculate the combined angular distribution function of the two gamma photons ( and ) and the electron () in the triple cascade process , when and are arbitrarily polarized. We also derive six different partially integrated angular distribution functions which give the angular distributions of one or two particles in the final state. Our results show that by measuring the two-particle angular distribution of and and that of and , one can determine the relative magnitudes as well as the relative phases of all the helicity amplitudes in the two charmonium radiative transitions and ."
"The search for the production of weakly interacting SUSY particles at the LHC is crucial for testing supersymmetry in relation to dark matter. Decays of neutralinos into Higgs bosons occur over some significant part of the SUSY parameter space and represent the most important source of boson production in SUSY decay chains in the MSSM. We study production in neutralino decays using scans of the phenomenological MSSM. Whilst in constrained MSSM scenarios the decay is the dominant channel, this does not hold in more general MSSM scenarios. On the other hand, the decays remain important and are highly complementary to multi-lepton final states in the LHC searches. The perspectives for the LHC analyses at 8 and 14 TeV as well as the reach of an collider with and 3 TeV are discussed."
"We report a -D charged black hole solution in an anti-de Sitter space inspired by noncommutative geometry. In this construction, the black hole exhibits two horizons, which turn into a single horizon in the extreme case. We investigate the impacts of electromagnetic field on the location of the event horizon, mass and thermodynamic properties such as Hawking temperature, entropy, and heat capacity of the black hole. The geodesics of the charged black hole are also analyzed."
"We show that the standard theory of thermal production and chemical decoupling of WIMPs is incomplete. The hypothesis that WIMPs are produced and decouple from a thermal bath implies that the rate equation the bath particles interacting with the WIMPs is an algebraic equation that constraints the actual WIMPs abundance to have a precise analytical form down to the temperature . The point , which coincides with the stationary point of the equation for the quantity , is where the maximum departure of the WIMPs abundance from the thermal value is reached. For each mass and total annihilation cross section , the temperature and the actual WIMPs abundance are exactly known. This value provides the true initial condition for the usual differential equation that have to be integrated in the interval . The matching of the two abundances at is continuous and differentiable. The dependence of the present relic abundance on the abundance at an intermediate temperature is an exact result. The exact theory suggests a new analytical approximation that furnishes the relic abundance accurate at the level of 1–2 % in the case of -wave and -wave scattering cross sections. We conclude the paper studying the evolution of the WIMPs chemical potential and the entropy production using methods of non-equilibrium thermodynamics."
"In this paper we study the supersymmetric generalization of the new soft theorem which was proposed by Cachazo and Strominger recently. At tree level, we prove the validity of the super soft theorems in both super-Yang-Mills theory and supergravity using super-BCFW recursion relations. We verify these theorems exactly by showing some examples."
"We discuss the current status of theoretical and experimental constraints on the real Higgs singlet extension of the standard model. For the second neutral (non-standard) Higgs boson we consider the full mass range from to accessible at past and current collider experiments. We separately discuss three scenarios, namely, the case where the second Higgs boson is lighter than, approximately equal to, or heavier than the discovered Higgs state at around . We investigate the impact of constraints from perturbative unitarity, electroweak precision data with a special focus on higher-order contributions to the boson mass, perturbativity of the couplings as well as vacuum stability. The latter two are tested up to a scale of using renormalization group equations. Direct collider constraints from Higgs signal rate measurements at the LHC and confidence level exclusion limits from Higgs searches at LEP, Tevatron, and LHC are included via the public codes HiggsSignals and HiggsBounds, respectively. We identify the strongest constraints in the different regions of parameter space. We comment on the collider phenomenology of the remaining viable parameter space and the prospects for a future discovery or exclusion at the LHC."
"We present two-flavor lattice QCD estimates of the hadronic couplings and that parametrize the non-leptonic decays and . We use CLS two-flavor gauge ensembles. Our framework is the Heavy Quark Effective Theory (HQET) in the static limit and solving a Generalized Eigenvalue Problem (GEVP) reveals crucial to disentangle the () state from the () state. This work brings us some experience on how to treat the possible contribution from multihadronic states to correlation functions calculated on the lattice, especially when -wave states are involved."
"We present a self-consistent calculation of the four-gluon vertex of Landau gauge Yang–Mills theory from a truncated Dyson–Schwinger equation. The equation contains the leading diagrams in the ultraviolet and is solved using as the only input results for lower Green functions from previous Dyson–Schwinger calculations that are in good agreement with lattice data. All quantities are therefore fixed and no higher Green functions enter within this truncation. Our self-consistent solution resolves the full momentum dependence of the vertex but is limited to the tree-level tensor structure at the moment. Calculations of selected dressing functions for other tensor structures from this solution are used to exemplify that they are suppressed compared to the tree-level structure except for possible logarithmic enhancements in the deep infrared. Our results furthermore allow one to extract a qualitative fit for the vertex and a running coupling."
"We study the hadronic decays based on the existence of the resonant state . In particular, we are able to explain the unexpected large experimental result of measured recently by the LHCb collaboration due to the resonant contribution in with , while it is estimated to be at most of order in terms of the OZI rule without the resonance. In addition, we find that , , and , while and . Moreover, we predict that the decay branching ratios of are and . Some of the predicted decays are accessible to the experiments at the LHCb."
"By using the Dyson–Schwinger/Bethe–Salpeter formalism in Euclidean spacetime, we calculate the ground state spectrum of hadrons in an SU(2) gauge theory with two fundamental fermions. We show that the rainbow-ladder truncation, commonly employed in QCD studies, is unsuitable for a description of an SU(2) theory. This we remedy by truncating at the level of the quark–gluon vertex Dyson–Schwinger equation in a diagrammatic expansion. Results obtained within this novel approach show good agreement with lattice studies. These findings emphasize the need to use techniques more sophisticated than rainbow-ladder when investigating generic strongly interacting gauge theories."
"Radiatively generated neutrino masses () are proportional to supersymmetry (SUSY) breaking, as a result of the SUSY non-renormalisation theorem. In this work, we investigate the space of SUSY radiative seesaw models with regard to their dependence on SUSY breaking (). In addition to contributions from sources of that are involved in electroweak symmetry breaking ( &lt;sub&gt;EWSB&lt;sub/&gt; contributions), and which are manifest from and , radiatively generated can also receive contributions from sources that are unrelated to EWSB ( &lt;sub&gt;EWS&lt;sub/&gt; contributions). We point out that recent literature overlooks pure- &lt;sub&gt;EWSB&lt;sub/&gt; contributions () that can arise at the same order of perturbation theory as the leading order contribution from &lt;sub&gt;EWS&lt;sub/&gt;. We show that there exist realistic radiative seesaw models in which the leading order contribution to is proportional to &lt;sub&gt;EWS&lt;sub/&gt;. To our knowledge no model with such a feature exists in the literature. We give a complete description of the simplest model topologies and their leading dependence on . We show that in one-loop realisations operators are suppressed by at least or . We construct a model example based on a one-loop type-II seesaw. An interesting aspect of these models lies in the fact that the scale of soft- effects generating the leading order can be quite small without conflicting with lower limits on the mass of new particles."
"The general form of the Bethe–Salpeter wave functions for the bound states composed of two vector fields of arbitrary spin and definite parity is corrected. Using the revised general formalism, we investigate the observed &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(3940) state, which is considered as a molecule state consisting of . Though the attractive potential between and including one light meson (, , , ) exchange is considered, we find that in our approach the contribution from one- exchange is equal to zero and consider SU(3) symmetry breaking. The obtained mass of &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(3940) is consistent with the experimental value."
"We reinvestigate how generic off-diagonal cosmological solutions depending, in general, on all spacetime coordinates can be constructed in massive and -modified gravity using the anholonomic frame deformation method. New classes of locally anisotropic and (in-) homogeneous cosmological metrics are constructed with open and closed spatial geometries. By resorting to such solutions, we show that they describe the late time acceleration due to effective cosmological terms induced by nonlinear off-diagonal interactions, possible modifications of the gravitational action and graviton mass. The cosmological metrics and related Stückelberg fields are constructed in explicit form up to nonholonomic frame transforms of the Friedmann–Lamaître–Robertson–Walker (FLRW) coordinates. The solutions include matter, graviton mass, and other effective sources modeling nonlinear gravitational and matter field interactions with polarization of physical constants and deformations of metrics, which may explain dark energy and dark matter effects. However, we argue that it is not always necessary to modify gravity if we consider the effective generalized Einstein equations with nontrivial vacuum and/or non-minimal coupling with matter. Indeed, we state certain conditions when such configurations mimic interesting solutions in general relativity and modifications, for instance, when we can extract the general Painlevé–Gullstrand and FLRW metrics. In a more general context, we elaborate on a reconstruction procedure for off-diagonal cosmological solutions which describe cyclic and ekpyrotic universes. Finally, open issues and further perspectives are discussed."
"The field equations for scalar–tensor–vector gravity (STVG) or modified gravity (MOG) have a static, spherically symmetric black hole solution determined by the mass with two horizons. The strength of the gravitational constant is where is a parameter. A regular singularity-free MOG solution is derived using a nonlinear field dynamics for the repulsive gravitational field component and a reasonable physical energy-momentum tensor. The Kruskal–Szekeres completion of the MOG black hole solution is obtained. The Kerr-MOG black hole solution is determined by the mass , the parameter and the spin angular momentum . The equations of motion and the stability condition of a test particle orbiting the MOG black hole are derived, and the radius of the black hole photosphere and the shadows cast by the Schwarzschild-MOG and Kerr-MOG black holes are calculated. A traversable wormhole solution is constructed with a throat stabilized by the repulsive component of the gravitational field."
"Recently Grinstein, Jora, and Polosa have studied a theory of large- scalar quantum chromodynamics in one space and one time dimension. This theory admits a Bethe–Salpeter equation describing the discrete spectrum of quark–antiquark bound states. They consider gauge fields in the adjoint representation of and scalar fields in the fundamental representation. The theory is asymptotically free and linearly confining. The theory could possibly provide a good field theoretic framework for the description of a large class of diquark–antidiquark (tetra-quark) states. Recently we have studied the light-front quantization of this theory without a Higgs potential. In the present work, we study the light-front Hamiltonian, path integral, and BRST formulations of the theory in the presence of a Higgs potential. The light-front theory is seen to be gauge invariant, possessing a set of first-class constraints. The explicit occurrence of spontaneous symmetry breaking in the theory is shown in unitary gauge as well as in the light-front ’t Hooft gauge."
"In this paper, we study static spherically symmetric wormhole solutions in extended teleparallel gravity with the inclusion of noncommutative geometry under a Lorentzian distribution. We obtain expressions of matter components for a non-diagonal tetrad. The effective energy-momentum tensor leads to the violation of energy conditions which impose a condition on the normal matter to satisfy these conditions. We explore the noncommutative wormhole solutions by assuming a viable power-law and shape function models. For the first model, we discuss two cases in which one leads to teleparallel gravity and the other is for gravity. The normal matter violates the weak energy condition for the first case, while there exists a possibility for micro physically acceptable wormhole solution. There exists a physically acceptable wormhole solution for the power-law model. Also, we check the equilibrium condition for these solutions, which is only satisfied for the teleparallel case, while for the case, these solutions are less stable."
"decays have several features of interest: they allow an accurate measurement of -scattering lengths; they provide the best source for the determination of some low-energy constants of PT; one form factor is directly related to the chiral anomaly, which can be measured here. We present a dispersive treatment of decays that provides a resummation of - and -rescattering effects. The free parameters of the dispersion relation are fitted to the data of the high-statistics experiments E865 and NA48/2. The matching to PT at NLO and NNLO enables us to determine the LECs , and . With recently published data from NA48/2, the LEC can be determined as well. In contrast to a pure chiral treatment, the dispersion relation describes the observed curvature of one of the form factors, which we understand as a rescattering effect beyond NNLO."
"Dark Matter (DM) detection prospects at future colliders are reviewed under the assumption that DM particles are fermions of the Majorana or Dirac type. Although the discussion is quite general, one will keep in mind the recently proposed candidate based on an excess of energetic photons observed in the center of our Galaxy with the Fermi-LAT satellite. In the first part we will assume that DM interactions are mediated by vector bosons, or . In the case of -boson Direct Detection limits force only axial couplings with the DM. This solution can be naturally accommodated by Majorana DM but is disfavored by the GC excess. Viable scenarios can be instead found in the case of mediator. These scenarios can be tested at colliders through ISR events, . A sensitive background reduction can be achieved by using highly polarized beams. In the second part scalar particles, in particular Higgs particles, have been considered as mediators. The case of the SM Higgs mediator is excluded by limits on the invisible branching ratio of the Higgs. On the contrary particularly interesting is the case in which the DM interactions are mediated by the pseudoscalar state in two Higgs-doublet model scenarios. In this last case the main collider signature is ."
"We investigate the structure of the mesons via analyzing the semileptonic transition in the frame work of the three-point QCD sum rules and the heavy-quark effective theory. We consider the meson in three ways: as a pure state, as a mixture of the two and states with a mixing angle , and as a combination of the two mentioned states with mixing angle in the heavy-quark limit. Taking into account the gluon condensate contributions, the relevant form factors are obtained for the three above conditions. These form factors are numerically calculated for and the heavy-quark limit cases. The obtained results for the form factors are used to evaluate the decay rates and the branching ratios. Also for mixed states, all of the mentioned physical quantities are plotted with respect to the unknown mixing angle ."
"Using the pictures for as a mixture of charmonium and molecular states; as a mixture of and states, and as a mixture of the tetra-quark state with charmonium states, the corresponding mixing angles are estimated within the QCD sum rules. We find that our predictions for the mixing angles of the , , and states are considerably smaller compared to work in which the mixing angles are estimated from the condition in reproducing the mass of these states. Our conclusion is that the considered pictures for the , , and states are not successful in describing these states."
"In this work, I present exact cosmological solutions from Wesson’s induced matter model applied to a general 5D metric in theory of gravity. The non-conservation of the energy-momentum tensor, predicted by theory, allows the derivation of a relation that describes the time evolution of the extra coordinate, revealing its compactification. It is shown that such a compactification could induce the effects of an accelerated expansion in the observable universe."
"The polarization operator (tensor) for planar charged fermions in a constant uniform magnetic field is calculated in the one-loop approximation of -dimensional quantum electrodynamics (QED) with a nonzero fermion density. We construct the Green function of the Dirac equation with a constant uniform external magnetic field in QED at a finite chemical potential, find the imaginary part of this Green function, and then obtain the polarization tensor related to the combined contribution from real particles occupying the finite number of energy levels and magnetic field. We expect that some physical effects under consideration seem likely to be revealed in a monolayer graphene sample in the presence of an external constant uniform magnetic field perpendicular to it."
"Transverse momentum spectra, , of charged hadron production in -collisions are considered in terms of a recently introduced two component model. The shapes of the particle distributions vary as a function of the c.m.s. energy in the collision and the measured pseudorapidity interval. As a result the pseudorapidity of a secondary hadron in the moving proton rest frame is shown to be a universal parameter describing the shape of the spectra in &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt;-collisions. In order to extract predictions on the double-differential cross sections of hadron production for future LHC-measurements the different sets of available experimental data have been used in this study."
"A search for a massive gauge boson decaying to a top quark and a bottom quark is performed with the ATLAS detector in collisions at the LHC. The dataset was taken at a centre-of-mass energy of and corresponds to of integrated luminosity. This analysis is done in the hadronic decay mode of the top quark, where novel jet substructure techniques are used to identify jets from high-momentum top quarks. This allows for a search for high-mass bosons in the range 1.5–3.0 . -tagging is used to identify jets originating from -quarks. The data are consistent with Standard Model background-only expectations, and upper limits at 95 % confidence level are set on the cross section times branching ratio ranging from to for left-handed bosons, and ranging from to for bosons with purely right-handed couplings. Upper limits at 95 % confidence level are set on the -boson coupling to as a function of the mass using an effective field theory approach, which is independent of details of particular models predicting a boson."
"We obtain improved constraints on the coupling constants of axion-like particles to nucleons from a recently performed Casimir-less experiment. For this purpose, the differential force between a Au-coated sphere and either the Au or the Si sector of a rotating disc, arising due to two-axion exchange, is calculated. Over a wide region of axion masses, from  eV to 0.9 eV, the obtained constraints are up to a factor of 60 stronger than the previously known ones following from the Cavendish-type experiment and measurements of the effective Casimir pressure."
"To find boundary contributions is a rather difficult problem when applying the BCFW recursion relation. In this paper, we propose an approach to bypass this problem by calculating general tree amplitudes that contain no polynomial using factorization limits. More explicitly, we construct an expression iteratively, which produces the correct factorization limits for all physical poles, and does not contain other poles, then it should be the correct amplitude. To some extent, this approach can be considered as an alternative way to find boundary contributions. To demonstrate our approach, we present several examples: theory, pure gauge theory, Einstein–Maxwell theory, and Yukawa theory. While the amplitude allows the existence of polynomials which satisfy the correct mass dimension and helicities, this approach is not applicable to determining the full amplitude."
"Quasi-periodic oscillations (QPOs) are a common feature in the X-ray flux of stellar-mass black hole candidates, but their exact origin is not yet known. Recently, some authors have pointed out that data of GRO J1655-40 simultaneously show three QPOs that nicely fit in the relativistic precession model. However, they find an estimate of the spin parameter that disagrees with the measurement of the disk’s thermal spectrum. In the present work, I explore the possibility of using the relativistic precession model to test the nature of the black hole candidate in GRO J1655-40. If properly understood, QPOs may become a quite powerful tool to probe the spacetime geometry around black hole candidates, especially if used in combination with other techniques. It turns out that the measurements of the relativistic precession model and of the disk’s thermal spectrum may be consistent if we admit that the black hole candidate in GRO J1655-40 is not of the Kerr type."
"The primary goal of any future hadron collider is to discover new physics (NP) associated with a high mass scale, , beyond the range of the LHC. In order to maintain the same &lt;i&gt;relative&lt;i/&gt; mass reach for rate-limited NP, , as increases, Richter recently reminded us that the required integrated luminosity obtainable at future hadron colliders (FHC) must grow rapidly, , in the limit of naive scaling. This would imply, e.g., a 50-fold increase in the required integrated luminosity when going from the 14 TeV LHC to a FHC with  TeV, an increase that would prove quite challenging on many different fronts. In this paper we point out, due to the scaling violations associated with the evolution of the parton density functions (PDFs) and the running of the strong coupling, , that the actual luminosity necessary in order to maintain any fixed value of the relative mass reach is somewhat greater than this scaling result indicates. However, the actual values of the required luminosity scaling are found to be dependent upon the detailed nature of the NP being considered. Here we elucidate this point explicitly by employing several specific benchmark examples of possible NP scenarios and briefly discuss the (relatively weak) search impact in each case if these luminosity goals are not met."
"According to general relativity, trapping surfaces and horizons are classical causal structures that arise in systems with sharply defined energy and corresponding gravitational radius. The latter concept can be extended to a quantum mechanical matter state simply by means of the spectral decomposition, which allows one to define an associated “horizon wave-function”. Since this auxiliary wave-function contains crucial information about the causal structure of space-time, a new proposal is formulated for the time evolution of quantum systems in order to account for the fundamental classical property that outer observers cannot receive signals from inside a horizon. The simple case of a massive free particle at rest is used throughout the paper as a toy model to illustrate the main ideas."
"We develop a new approach on the () threading of spacetime with respect to a congruence of curves defined by an arbitrary timelike vector field. The study is based on spatial tensor fields and on the Riemannian spatial connection , which behave as 3D geometric objects. We obtain new formulas for local components of the Ricci tensor field of with respect to the threading frame field, in terms of the Ricci tensor field of and of kinematic quantities. Also, new expressions for time covariant derivatives of kinematic quantities are stated. In particular, a new form of Raychaudhuri’s equation enables us to prove Lemma 6.3, which completes a well-known lemma used in the proof of the Penrose–Hawking singularity theorems. Finally, we apply the new formalism to the study of the dynamics of a Kerr–Newman black hole."
"The mass of the top quark is measured in a data set corresponding to 4.6  of proton–proton collisions with centre-of-mass energy  TeV collected by the ATLAS detector at the LHC. Events consistent with hadronic decays of top–antitop quark pairs with at least six jets in the final state are selected. The substantial background from multijet production is modelled with data-driven methods that utilise the number of identified -quark jets and the transverse momentum of the sixth leading jet, which have minimal correlation. The top-quark mass is obtained from template fits to the ratio of three-jet to dijet mass. The three-jet mass is calculated from the three jets produced in a top-quark decay. Using these three jets the dijet mass is obtained from the two jets produced in the boson decay. The top-quark mass obtained from this fit is thus less sensitive to the uncertainty in the energy measurement of the jets. A binned likelihood fit yields a top-quark mass of"
"Based on certain assumptions for the expectation value of a product of the quantum fluctuating metric at two points, the gravitational and scalar field Lagrangians are evaluated. Assuming a vanishing expectation value of the first-order terms of the metric, the calculations are performed with an accuracy of second order. It is shown that such quantum corrections give rise to modified gravity."
"The India-based Neutrino Observatory will host a 50 kt magnetized iron calorimeter (ICAL) detector that will be able to detect muon tracks and hadron showers produced by charged-current muon neutrino interactions in the detector. The ICAL experiment will be able to determine the precision of atmospheric neutrino mixing parameters and neutrino mass hierarchy using atmospheric muon neutrinos through the earth matter effect. In this paper, we report on the sensitivity for the atmospheric neutrino mixing parameters ( and ) and octant sensitivity for the ICAL detector using the reconstructed neutrino energy and muon direction as observables. We apply realistic resolutions and efficiencies obtained by the ICAL collaboration with a GEANT4-based simulation to reconstruct neutrino energy and muon direction. Our study shows that using neutrino energy and muon direction as observables for a analysis, the ICAL detector can measure and with 13 % and 4 % uncertainties at 1 confidence level and can rule out the wrong octant of with 2 confidence level for 10 years of exposure."
"Absolute neutrino cross section measurements are presently limited by uncertainties on fluxes. In this paper, we propose a technique that is based on the reconstruction of large angle positrons in the decay tunnel to identify three-body semileptonic decays. This tagging facility operated in positron counting mode (“event count mode”) can be employed to determine the absolute flux at the neutrino detector with precision. Facilities operated in “event by event tag mode” i.e. tagged neutrino beams that exploit the time coincidence of the positron at source and the interaction at the detector, are also discussed."
"In electroweak-boson production processes with a jet veto, higher-order corrections are enhanced by logarithms of the veto scale over the invariant mass of the boson system. In this paper, we resum these Sudakov logarithms at next-to-next-to-leading logarithmic accuracy and match our predictions to next-to-leading-order (NLO) fixed-order results. We perform the calculation in an automated way, for arbitrary electroweak final states and in the presence of kinematic cuts on the leptons produced in the decays of the electroweak bosons. The resummation is based on a factorization theorem for the cross sections into hard functions, which encode the virtual corrections to the boson production process, and beam functions, which describe the low- emissions collinear to the beams. The one-loop hard functions for arbitrary processes are calculated using the MadGraph5_aMC@NLO framework, while the beam functions are process independent. We perform the resummation for a variety of processes, in particular for pair production followed by leptonic decays of the bosons."
"We present a software framework for statistical data analysis, called HistFitter, that has been used extensively by the ATLAS Collaboration to analyze big datasets originating from proton–proton collisions at the Large Hadron Collider at CERN. Since 2012 HistFitter has been the standard statistical tool in searches for supersymmetric particles performed by ATLAS. HistFitter is a programmable and flexible framework to build, book-keep, fit, interpret and present results of data models of nearly arbitrary complexity. Starting from an object-oriented configuration, defined by users, the framework builds probability density functions that are automatically fit to data and interpreted with statistical tests. Internally HistFitter uses the statistics packages RooStats and HistFactory. A key innovation of HistFitter is its design, which is rooted in analysis strategies of particle physics. The concepts of control, signal and validation regions are woven into its fabric. These are progressively treated with statistically rigorous built-in methods. Being capable of working with multiple models at once that describe the data, HistFitter introduces an additional level of abstraction that allows for easy bookkeeping, manipulation and testing of large collections of signal hypotheses. Finally, HistFitter provides a collection of tools to present results with publication quality style through a simple command-line interface."
"A search is presented for long-lived particles with a mass between 25 and 50  and a lifetime between 1 and 200 in a sample of proton–proton collisions at a centre-of-mass energy of  TeV, corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 0.62 , collected by the LHCb detector. The particles are assumed to be pair-produced by the decay of a standard model-like Higgs boson. The experimental signature of the long-lived particle is a displaced vertex with two associated jets. No excess above the background is observed and limits are set on the production cross-section as a function of the long-lived particle mass and lifetime."
"A search has been performed for long-lived particles that could have come to rest within the CMS detector, using the time intervals between LHC beam crossings. The existence of such particles could be deduced from observation of their decays via energy deposits in the CMS calorimeter appearing at times that are well separated from any proton–proton collisions. Using a data set corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 18.6 of 8 TeV proton–proton collisions, and a search interval corresponding to 281 h of trigger livetime, 10 events are observed, with a background prediction of events. Limits are presented at 95 % confidence level on gluino and top squark production, for over 13 orders of magnitude in the mean proper lifetime of the stopped particle. Assuming a cloud model of R-hadron interactions, a gluino with mass 1000 and a top squark with mass 525 are excluded, for lifetimes between 1 μs and 1000. These results are the most stringent constraints on stopped particles to date."
"Non-decoupling -term extensions of the MSSM enhance the tree-level Higgs mass compared to the MSSM; therefore, they relax fine-tuning and may allow lighter stops with rather low masses even without maximal mixing. We present the anatomy of various non-decoupling -term extensions of the MSSM and explore the potential of the LHC and of the International Linear Collider (ILC) to determine their deviations in the Higgs couplings with respect to the Standard Model. Depending on the mass of the heavier Higgs , such deviations may be constrained at the LHC and determined at the ILC. We evaluate the Higgs couplings in different models and study the prospects for a model distinction at the different stages of the ILC at 250, 500 and 1000 GeV, including the full luminosity upgrade and compare it with the prospects at HL-LHC."
"Anisotropic dark energy cosmological models are constructed in the frame work of generalised Brans–Dicke theory with a self-interacting potential. A unified dark fluid characterised by a linear equation of state is considered as the source of dark energy. The shear scalar is considered to be proportional to the expansion scalar simulating an anisotropic relationship among the directional expansion rates. The dynamics of the universe in the presence of a unified dark fluid in anisotropic background have been discussed. The presence of an evolving scalar field makes it possible to get an accelerating phase of expansion even for a linear relationship among the directional Hubble rates. It is found that the anisotropy in expansion rates does not affect the scalar field, the self-interacting potential, but it controls the non-evolving part of the Brans–Dicke parameter."
"In this work, we present a study of a purely kinetic k-essence model, characterized basically by a parameter in presence of a bulk dissipative term, whose relationship between viscous pressure and energy density of the background follows a polytropic type law, , where , in principle, is a parameter without restrictions. Analytical solutions for the energy density of the k-essence field are found in two specific cases: and , and then we show that these solutions possess the same functional form as the non-viscous counterpart. Finally, both approaches are contrasted with observational data from type Ia supernova, and the most recent Hubble parameter measurements, and therefore, the best values for the parameters of the theory are found."
"Measurements of the differential and double-differential Drell–Yan cross sections in the dielectron and dimuon channels are presented. They are based on proton–proton collision data at recorded with the CMS detector at the LHC and corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 19.7. The measured inclusive cross section in the peak region (60–120), obtained from the combination of the dielectron and dimuon channels, is , where the statistical uncertainty is negligible. The differential cross section in the dilepton mass range 15–2000 is measured and corrected to the full phase space. The double-differential cross section is also measured over the mass range 20 to 1500 and absolute dilepton rapidity from 0 to 2.4. In addition, the ratios of the normalized differential cross sections measured at and 8 are presented. These measurements are compared to the predictions of perturbative QCD at next-to-leading and next-to-next-to-leading (NNLO) orders using various sets of parton distribution functions (PDFs). The results agree with the NNLO theoretical predictions computed with fewz 3.1 using the CT10 NNLO and NNPDF2.1 NNLO PDFs. The measured double-differential cross section and ratio of normalized differential cross sections are sufficiently precise to constrain the proton PDFs."
"The multiplicity and pseudorapidity distributions of inclusive photons have been measured at forward rapidities () in proton–proton collisions at three center-of-mass energies,   0.9, 2.76 and 7 TeV using the ALICE detector. It is observed that the increase in the average photon multiplicity as a function of beam energy is compatible with both a logarithmic and a power-law dependence. The relative increase in average photon multiplicity produced in inelastic pp collisions at 2.76 and 7 TeV center-of-mass energies with respect to 0.9 TeV are 37.2 0.3 % (stat) 8.8 % (sys) and 61.2 0.3 % (stat) 7.6 % (sys), respectively. The photon multiplicity distributions for all center-of-mass energies are well described by negative binomial distributions. The multiplicity distributions are also presented in terms of KNO variables. The results are compared to model predictions, which are found in general to underestimate the data at large photon multiplicities, in particular at the highest center-of-mass energy. Limiting fragmentation behavior of photons has been explored with the data, but is not observed in the measured pseudorapidity range."
"Two aspects of isospin breaking in the decay are studied and discussed. The first addresses the possible influence of the phenomenological description of the unitarity cusp on the extraction of the normalization of the form factor from data. Using the scalar form factor of the pion as a theoretical laboratory, we find that this determination is robust under variations of the phenomenological parameterizations of the form factor. The second aspect concerns the issue of radiative corrections. We compute the radiative corrections to the total decay rate for in a setting that allows comparison with the way radiative corrections were handled in the channel . We find that, once radiative corrections are included, the normalizations of the form factor as determined experimentally from data in the two decay channels come to a better agreement. The remaining discrepancy can easily be accounted for by other isospin-breaking corrections, mainly those due to the difference between the masses of the &lt;i&gt;up&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;down&lt;i/&gt; quarks."
"In this paper, we focus on the quantization of four-dimensional rotating linear dilaton black hole (RLDBH) spacetime describing an action, which emerges in the Einstein–Maxwell-dilaton–axion (EMDA) theory. RLDBH spacetime has a non-asymptotically flat geometry. When the rotation parameter “” vanishes, the spacetime reduces to its static form, the so-called linear dilaton black hole (LDBH) metric. Under scalar perturbations, we show that the radial equation reduces to a hypergeometric differential equation. Using the boundary conditions of the quasinormal modes (QNMs), we compute the associated complex frequencies of the QNMs. In a particular case, QNMs are applied in the rotational adiabatic invariant quantity, and we obtain the quantum entropy/area spectra of the RLDBH. Both spectra are found to be discrete and equidistant, and independent of the -parameter despite the modulation of QNMs by this parameter."
"We perform a dynamical analysis for the exponential scalar field with non-minimally derivative coupling. For the quintessence case, the stable fixed points are the same with and without the non-minimally derivative coupling. For the phantom case, the attractor with dark energy domination exists for the minimal coupling only. For the non-minimally derivative coupling without the standard canonical kinetic term, only the de Sitter attractor exists, and the dark matter solution is unstable."
"It was reported that massive scalar fields can form bound states around Kerr black holes (Herdeiro and Radu, Phys. Rev. Lett. 112:221101, 2014). These bound states are called scalar clouds; they have a real frequency , where is the azimuthal index and is the horizon angular velocity of Kerr black hole. In this paper, we study scalar clouds in a spherically symmetric background, i.e. charged stringy black holes, with the mirror-like boundary condition. These bound states satisfy the superradiant critical frequency condition for a charged scalar field, where is the charge of the scalar field, and is the horizon’s electrostatic potential. We show that, for the specific set of black hole and scalar field parameters, the clouds are only possible for specific mirror locations . It is shown that analytical results of the mirror location for the clouds perfectly coincide with numerical results in the regime. We also show that the scalar clouds are also possible when the mirror locations are close to the horizon. Finally, we provide an analytical calculation of the specific mirror locations for the scalar clouds in the regime."
"In the present paper the results obtained in the investigation of possible diurnal effects for low-energy &lt;i&gt;single-hit&lt;i/&gt; scintillation events of DAMA/LIBRA-phase1 (1.04 ton year exposure) have been analysed in terms of an effect expected in case of dark matter (DM) candidates inducing nuclear recoils and having high cross-section with ordinary matter, which implies low DM local density in order to fulfill the DAMA/LIBRA DM annual modulation results. This effect is due to the different Earth depths crossed by those DM candidates during the sidereal day."
"We investigate the role played by particular field representations of an intermediate massive spin-1 boson in the context of spin-dependent interparticle potentials between fermionic sources in the limit of low momentum transfer. The comparison between the well-known case of the Proca field and that of an exchanged spin-1 boson (with gauge-invariant mass) described by a 2-form potential mixed with a 4-vector gauge field is established in order to pursue an analysis of spin- as well as velocity-dependent profiles of the interparticle potentials. We discuss possible applications and derive an upper bound on the product of vector and pseudo-tensor coupling constants."
"Transverse momentum spectra of charged particles are measured by the CMS experiment at the CERN LHC in pPb collisions at , in the range and pseudorapidity in the proton–nucleon center-of-mass frame. For , the charged-particle production is asymmetric about , with smaller yield observed in the direction of the proton beam, qualitatively consistent with expectations from shadowing in nuclear parton distribution functions (nPDF). A pp reference spectrum at is obtained by interpolation from previous measurements at higher and lower center-of-mass energies. The distribution measured in pPb collisions shows an enhancement of charged particles with compared to expectations from the pp reference. The enhancement is larger than predicted by perturbative quantum chromodynamics calculations that include antishadowing modifications of nPDFs."
"ColorFull, a C++ package for treating QCD color structure, is presented. ColorFull, which utilizes the trace basis approach, is intended for interfacing with event generators, but can also be used as a stand-alone package for squaring QCD amplitudes, calculating interferences, and describing the effect of gluon emission and gluon exchange."
"Results are presented from a search for particle dark matter (DM), extra dimensions, and unparticles using events containing a jet and an imbalance in transverse momentum. The data were collected by the CMS detector in proton–proton collisions at the LHC and correspond to an integrated luminosity of 19.7at a centre-of-mass energy of 8. The number of observed events is found to be consistent with the standard model prediction. Limits are placed on the DM-nucleon scattering cross section as a function of the DM particle mass for spin-dependent and spin-independent interactions. Limits are also placed on the scale parameter in the Arkani-Hamed, Dimopoulos, and Dvali (ADD) model of large extra dimensions, and on the unparticle model parameter . The constraints on ADD models and unparticles are the most stringent limits in this channel and those on the DM-nucleon scattering cross section are an improvement over previous collider results."
"We investigate in detail the circular motion of test particles in the equatorial plane of the ergoregion in the Kerr spacetime. We consider all the regions where circular motion is allowed, and we analyze the stability properties and the energy and angular momentum of the test particles. We show that the structure of the stability regions has definite features that make it possible to distinguish between black holes and naked singularities. The naked singularity case presents a very structured non-connected set of regions of orbital stability, where the presence of counterrotating particles and zero angular momentum particles for a specific class of naked singularities is interpreted as due to the presence of a repulsive field generated by the central source of gravity. In particular, we analyze the effects of the dynamical structure of the ergoregion (the union of the orbital regions for different attractor spins) on the behavior of accretion disks around the central source. The properties of the circular motion turn out to be so distinctive that they allow for the introduction of a complete classification of Kerr spacetimes, each class of which is characterized by different physical effects that could be of especial relevance in observational astrophysics. We also identify some special black-hole spacetimes where these effects could be relevant."
"Bekenstein has put forward the idea that, in a quantum theory of gravity, a black hole should have a discrete energy spectrum with concomitant discrete line emission. The quantized black-hole radiation spectrum is expected to be very different from Hawking’s semi-classical prediction of a thermal black-hole radiation spectrum. One naturally wonders: Is it possible to reconcile the &lt;i&gt;discrete&lt;i/&gt; quantum spectrum suggested by Bekenstein with the &lt;i&gt;continuous&lt;i/&gt; semi-classical spectrum suggested by Hawking? In order to address this fundamental question, in this essay we shall consider the zero-point quantum-gravity fluctuations of the black-hole spacetime. In a quantum theory of gravity, these spacetime fluctuations are closely related to the characteristic gravitational resonances of the corresponding black-hole spacetime. Assuming that the energy of the black-hole radiation stems from these zero-point quantum-gravity fluctuations of the black-hole spacetime, we derive the effective temperature of the quantized black-hole radiation spectrum. Remarkably, it is shown that this characteristic temperature of the &lt;i&gt;discrete&lt;i/&gt; (quantized) black-hole radiation agrees with the well-known Hawking temperature of the &lt;i&gt;continuous&lt;i/&gt; (semi-classical) black-hole spectrum."
"In the framework of heavy quark effective theory, the leading-order Isgur–Wise form factors relevant to semileptonic decays of the ground state meson into orbitally excited -wave mesons, including the newly observed narrow and states by the LHCb Collaboration, are calculated with the QCD sum rule method. With these universal form factors, the decay rates and branching ratios are estimated. We find that the decay widths are , , , and . The corresponding branching ratios are , , , and . The decay widths and branching ratios of corresponding semileptonic processes are also predicted."
"Studies of the spin and parity quantum numbers of the Higgs boson in the final state are presented, based on proton–proton collision data collected by the ATLAS detector at the Large Hadron Collider, corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 20.3 fb at a centre-of-mass energy of  TeV. The Standard Model spin-parity hypothesis is compared with alternative hypotheses for both spin and CP. The case where the observed resonance is a mixture of the Standard-Model-like Higgs boson and CP-even () or CP-odd () Higgs boson in scenarios beyond the Standard Model is also studied. The data are found to be consistent with the Standard Model prediction and limits are placed on alternative spin and CP hypotheses, including CP mixing in different scenarios."
"For the search for additional Higgs bosons in the minimal supersymmetric standard model (MSSM) as well as for future precision analyses in the Higgs sector a precise knowledge of their decay properties is mandatory. We evaluate all two-body decay modes of the Higgs bosons into charginos and neutralinos in the MSSM with complex parameters (cMSSM). The evaluation is based on a full one-loop calculation of all decay channels, also including hard QED radiation. We restricted ourselves to a version of our renormalization scheme which is valid for and to simplify the analysis, even though we are able to switch to other parameter regions. The dependence of the Higgs boson predictions on the relevant cMSSM parameters is analyzed numerically. We find sizable contributions to many partial decay widths. They are roughly of 10 % of the tree-level results, but they can go up to 20 % or higher. The full one-loop contributions are important for the correct interpretation of heavy Higgs boson search results at the LHC and, if kinematically allowed, at a future linear collider. There are plans to implement the evaluation of the branching ratios of the Higgs bosons into the Fortran code FeynHiggs, together with an automated choice of the renormalization scheme valid for the full cMSSM parameter space."
"The production of a &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; boson in association with a &lt;i&gt;J/ψ&lt;i/&gt; meson in proton–proton collisions probes the production mechanisms of quarkonium and heavy flavour in association with vector bosons, and allows studies of multiple parton scattering. Using 20.3 fb&lt;sup&gt;-1&lt;sup/&gt; of data collected with the ATLAS experiment at the LHC in &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collisions at √&lt;i&gt;s&lt;i/&gt; = 8 TeV, the first measurement of associated &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt;+ &lt;i&gt;J/ψ&lt;i/&gt; production is presented for both prompt and non-prompt &lt;i&gt;J/ψ&lt;i/&gt; production, with both signatures having a significance in excess of 5&lt;i&gt;σ&lt;i/&gt;. The inclusive production cross-sections for &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; boson production (analysed in &lt;i&gt;µ&lt;i/&gt;&lt;sup&gt;+&lt;sup/&gt;&lt;i&gt;µ&lt;i/&gt;&lt;sup&gt;-&lt;sup/&gt; or &lt;i&gt;e&lt;i/&gt;&lt;sup&gt;+&lt;sup/&gt;&lt;i&gt;e&lt;i/&gt;&lt;sup&gt;-&lt;sup/&gt; decay modes) in association with prompt and non-prompt &lt;i&gt;J/ψ&lt;i/&gt; (→ &lt;i&gt;µ&lt;i/&gt;&lt;sup&gt;+&lt;sup/&gt;&lt;i&gt;µ&lt;i/&gt;&lt;sup&gt;-&lt;sup/&gt;) are measured relative to the inclusive production rate of &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; bosons in the same fiducial volume to be (36.8±6.7±2.5) × 10&lt;sup&gt;-7&lt;sup/&gt; and (65.8±9.2±4.2) × 10&lt;sup&gt;-7&lt;sup/&gt; respectively. Normalised differential production cross-section ratios are also determined as a function of the &lt;i&gt;J/ψ&lt;i/&gt; transverse momentum. The fraction of signal events arising from single and double parton scattering is estimated, and a lower limit of 5.3 (3.7) mb at 68 (95)% confidence level is placed on the effective cross-section regulating double parton interactions."
"Double-differential three-jet production cross-sections are measured in proton–proton collisions at a centre-of-mass energy of using the ATLAS detector at the large hadron collider. The measurements are presented as a function of the three-jet mass , in bins of the sum of the absolute rapidity separations between the three leading jets . Invariant masses extending up to 5  TeV are reached for . These measurements use a sample of data recorded using the ATLAS detector in 2011, which corresponds to an integrated luminosity of . Jets are identified using the anti- algorithm with two different jet radius parameters, and . The dominant uncertainty in these measurements comes from the jet energy scale. Next-to-leading-order QCD calculations corrected to account for non-perturbative effects are compared to the measurements. Good agreement is found between the data and the theoretical predictions based on most of the available sets of parton distribution functions, over the full kinematic range, covering almost seven orders of magnitude in the measured cross-section values."
"We have obtained exact three dimensional BTZ type solutions with gauge fields, for string theory on a gauge symmetric gravitational background constructed from semi-simple extension of the Poincaré algebra (and the Maxwell algebra) in dimensions. We have studied the models for two non-Abelian and Abelian gauge fields solutions and shown that the related sigma model for each of these backgrounds is a Wess–Zumino–Witten model and that these models are classically canonically equivalent. We have also obtained the dual solution for the Abelian case and by interpreting the new field strength tensors of the Abelian solution as electromagnetic field strength tensors shown that dual models coincide with the charged black string solution."
"The measurement of primary , , and production at mid-rapidity ( 0.5) in proton–proton collisions at 7 TeV performed with a large ion collider experiment at the large hadron collider (LHC) is reported. Particle identification is performed using the specific ionisation energy-loss and time-of-flight information, the ring-imaging Cherenkov technique and the kink-topology identification of weak decays of charged kaons. Transverse momentum spectra are measured from 0.1 up to 3 GeV/ for pions, from 0.2 up to 6 GeV/ for kaons and from 0.3 up to 6 GeV/ for protons. The measured spectra and particle ratios are compared with quantum chromodynamics-inspired models, tuned to reproduce also the earlier measurements performed at the LHC. Furthermore, the integrated particle yields and ratios as well as the average transverse momenta are compared with results at lower collision energies."
"In the present paper we obtain an anisotropic analog of the Durgapal and Fuloria (Gen Relativ Gravit 17:671, 1985) perfect fluid solution. The methodology consists of contraction of the anisotropic factor with the help of both metric potentials and . Here we consider the same as Durgapal and Fuloria (Gen Relativ Gravit 17:671, 1985) did, whereas is as given by Lake (Phys Rev D 67:104015, 2003). The field equations are solved by the change of dependent variable method. The solutions set mathematically thus obtained are compared with the physical properties of some of the compact stars, strange star as well as white dwarf. It is observed that all the expected physical features are available related to the stellar fluid distribution, which clearly indicates the validity of the model."
"High-energy elastic diffraction of nucleons is considered in the framework of the simplest Regge-eikonal approximation. It is demonstrated explicitly that the effective transverse radius of nucleon in this nonperturbative regime is fm and much less than the transverse size of the diffractive interaction region."
"The effect of single top production on the study of top quark pair production in future high energy electron–positron colliders is evaluated. The rate of the single top quark production process is sizeable throughout a large range of center-of-mass energies and the final state cannot easily be distinguished from the dominant pair production process. We discuss the impact on the top quark mass extraction from a scan through the pair production threshold and the determination of top quark form factors in the continuum. These results advocate for the exploration of the inclusive process, that includes both top quark pair and single top quark production."
"The vertex is constructed for gluon production in the interaction of two reggeons coupled to projectiles and two reggeons coupled to targets. The vertex can be used to build cross sections for collisions of two pairs of nucleons in AA scattering. The transversality of the constructed vertex is demonstrated as well as its good behaviour at large longitudinal momenta necessary for applications. Poles at zero values of longitudinal momenta are discussed and it is found that they remain in the amplitudes unlike in the case of a single projectile."
"We present a non-minimal renormalizable SUSY  model, with extended Higgs sector and right-handed neutrinos, where the flavor sector exhibits a flavor symmetry. We analyzed the simplest version of this model, in which &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;-parity is conserved and the right-handed neutrino masses in the flavor doublet are considered with and without degeneracy. We find the generic form of the mass matrices both in the quark and lepton sectors. We reproduce, according to current data, the mixing in the CKM matrix. In the leptonic sector, in the general case where the right-handed neutrino masses are not degenerate, we find that the values for the solar, atmospheric, and reactor mixing angles are in very good agreement with the experimental data, both for a normal and an inverted hierarchy. In the particular case where the right-handed neutrinos masses are degenerate, the model predicts a strong inverted hierarchy spectrum and a sum rule among the neutrino masses. In this case the atmospheric and solar angles are in very good agreement with experimental data, and the reactor one is different from zero, albeit too small (). This value constitutes a lower bound for in the general case. We also find the range of the values for the neutrino masses in each case."
"We analyze the semileptonic , transitions in the framework of the three-point QCD sum rules in the standard model. These rare decays are governed by the flavor-changing neutral current transition of . Considering the quark condensate contributions, the relevant form factors as well as the branching fractions of these transitions are calculated."
"We present a particle-level study of the Standard Model non-resonant Higgs-pair production process in the final state, at the Large Hadron Collider at  TeV. Each Higgs boson is reconstructed from a pair of close-by jets formed with the anti- jet clustering algorithm, with radius parameter . Given the kinematic properties of the produced Higgs bosons, this Higgs reconstruction approach appears to be more suitable than the use of large-radius jets that was previously proposed in the literature. We find that the sensitivity for observing this final state can be improved significantly when the full set of uncorrelated angular and kinematic variables of the system is exploited, leading to a statistical significance of 1.8 per experiment with an integrated luminosity of 3 ab."
"We calculate the shape of the and invariant mass distributions in the and decays that are dominated by the resonance. The weak interaction part is the same for both processes and the hadronization into the different meson–baryon channels in the final state is given by symmetry arguments. The most important feature is the implementation of the meson–baryon final-state interaction using two chiral unitary models from different theoretical groups. Both approaches give a good description of antikaon–nucleon scattering data, the complex energy shift in kaonic hydrogen and the line shapes of in photoproduction, based on the two-pole scenario for the . We find that this reaction reflects more the higher mass pole and we make predictions of the line shapes and relative strength of the meson–baryon distributions in the final state."
"We consider lattice Universes with spatial topologies , , and . In the Newtonian limit of General Relativity, we solve the Poisson equation for the gravitational potential in the enumerated models. In the case of point-like massive sources in the model, we demonstrate that the gravitational potential has no definite values on the straight lines joining identical masses in neighboring cells, i.e. at points where masses are absent. Clearly, this is a nonphysical result, since the dynamics of cosmic bodies is not determined in such a case. The only way to avoid this problem and get a regular solution at any point of the cell is the smearing of these masses over some region. Therefore, the smearing of gravitating bodies in -body simulations is not only a technical method but also a physically substantiated procedure. In the cases of and topologies, there is no way to get any physically reasonable and nontrivial solution. The only solutions we can get here are the ones which reduce these topologies to the one."
NaN
"In this paper, we reconstruct viable inflationary models by starting from spectral index and tensor-to-scalar ratio from Planck observations. We analyze three different kinds of models: scalar field theories, fluid cosmology, and -modified gravity. We recover the well-known inflation in Jordan-frame and Einstein-frame representation, the massive scalar inflaton models and two models of inhomogeneous fluid. A model of correction to Einstein’s gravity plus a “cosmological constant” with an exact solution for early-time acceleration is reconstructed."
"We explore the entropy spectrum of dimensional dilatonic stringy black holes via the adiabatic invariant integral method known as Jiang and Han’s method (Phys Lett B 718:584, 2012) and the Bohr–Sommerfeld quantization rule. It is found that the corresponding spectrum depends on black hole parameters like charge, ADM mass, and, more interestingly, on the dilatonic field. We calculate the entropy of the present black hole system via the Euclidean treatment of quantum gravity and study the thermodynamics of the black hole and find that the system does not undergo any phase transition."
"A contribution to hadroproduction is analyzed in which the meson production is mediated by three-gluon partonic state, with two gluons coming from the target and one gluon from the projectile. This mechanism involves double gluon density in one of the protons, hence this contribution enters at a non-leading twist. It is, however, relevant due to an enhancement factor coming from large double gluon density at small . We calculate the three-gluon contribution to hadroproduction within perturbative QCD in the -factorization framework. Results are obtained for differential -dependent cross sections for all polarizations and for the sum over the polarization components. The rescattering contribution is found to provide a significant correction to the standard leading twist cross section at the energies of the Tevatron or the LHC at moderate . We suggest production in proton–nucleus collision as a possible probe of the triple-gluon mechanism."
"Properties of the Higgs boson with mass near 125 are measured in proton-proton collisions with the CMS experiment at the LHC. Comprehensive sets of production and decay measurements are combined. The decay channels include , , , , , and pairs. The data samples were collected in 2011 and 2012 and correspond to integrated luminosities of up to 5.1 at 7 and up to 19.7 at 8. From the high-resolution and channels, the mass of the Higgs boson is determined to be . For this mass value, the event yields obtained in the different analyses tagging specific decay channels and production mechanisms are consistent with those expected for the standard model Higgs boson. The combined best-fit signal relative to the standard model expectation is at the measured mass. The couplings of the Higgs boson are probed for deviations in magnitude from the standard model predictions in multiple ways, including searches for invisible and undetected decays. No significant deviations are found."
"Recently, extended phase space thermodynamics of Lovelock AdS black holes has been of great interest. To provide insight from a different perspective and gain a unified phase transition picture, the non-extended phase space thermodynamics of -dimensional charged topological Lovelock AdS black holes is investigated in detail in the grand canonical ensemble. Specifically, the specific heat at constant electric potential is calculated and the phase transition in the grand canonical ensemble is discussed. To probe the impact of the various parameters, we utilize the control variate method and solve the phase transition condition equation numerically for the cases . There are two critical points for the case , while there is only one for the other cases. For , there exists no phase transition point. To figure out the nature of the phase transition in the grand canonical ensemble, we carry out an analytic check of the analog form of the Ehrenfest equations proposed by Banerjee et al. It is shown that Lovelock AdS black holes in the grand canonical ensemble undergo a second-order phase transition. To examine the phase structure in the grand canonical ensemble, we utilize the thermodynamic geometry method and calculate both the Weinhold metric and the Ruppeiner metric. It is shown that for both analytic and graphical results that the divergence structure of the Ruppeiner scalar curvature coincides with that of the specific heat. Our research provides one more example that Ruppeiner metric serves as a wonderful tool to probe the phase structures of black holes."
"We discuss neutral Higgs boson production through gluon fusion and bottom-quark annihilation in the CP-conserving -invariant Next-to-Minimal Supersymmetric Standard Model at proton colliders. For gluon fusion we adapt well-known asymptotic expansions in supersymmetric particles for the inclusion of next-to-leading order contributions of squarks and gluinos from the Minimal Supersymmetric Standard Model (MSSM) and include electroweak corrections involving light quarks. Together with the resummation of higher-order sbottom contributions in the bottom-quark Yukawa coupling for both production processes we thus present accurate cross section predictions implemented in a new release of the code SusHi. We elaborate on the new features of an additional SU singlet in the production of CP-even and -odd Higgs bosons with respect to the MSSM and include a short discussion of theoretical uncertainties."
"A search is presented for narrow diboson resonances decaying to or in the final state where one boson decays leptonically (to an electron or a muon plus a neutrino) and the other boson decays hadronically. The analysis is performed using an integrated luminosity of 20.3 fb of collisions at  TeV collected by the ATLAS detector at the large hadron collider. No evidence for resonant diboson production is observed, and resonance masses below 700 and 1490 GeV are excluded at 95 % confidence level for the spin-2 Randall–Sundrum bulk graviton with coupling constant of 1.0 and the extended gauge model boson respectively."
"A search is presented for the direct pair production of a chargino and a neutralino , where the chargino decays to the lightest neutralino and the boson, , while the neutralino decays to the lightest neutralino and the 125 GeV Higgs boson, . The final states considered for the search have large missing transverse momentum, an isolated electron or muon, and one of the following: either two jets identified as originating from bottom quarks, or two photons, or a second electron or muon with the same electric charge. The analysis is based on 20.3  of proton–proton collision data delivered by the Large Hadron Collider and recorded with the ATLAS detector. Observations are consistent with the Standard Model expectations, and limits are set in the context of a simplified supersymmetric model."
"Ideal fluid dynamics is studied as a relativistic field theory with particular stress on its hamiltonian structure. The Schwinger condition, whose integrated version yields the stress tensor conservation, is explicitly verified both in equal-time and light-cone coordinate systems. We also consider the hamiltonian formulation of fluids interacting with an external gauge field. The complementary roles of the canonical (Noether) stress tensor and the symmetric one obtained by metric variation are discussed."
"The proposal of pilgrim dark energy is based on the speculation that phantom-like dark energy (with strong enough resistive force) can prevent black hole formation in the universe. We explore this phenomenon in the loop quantum cosmology framework by taking pilgrim dark energy with a Hubble horizon. We evaluate the cosmological parameters such as the Hubble parameter, the equation of state parameter, the squared speed of sound, and also cosmological planes like – and – on the basis of the pilgrim dark energy parameter () and the interacting parameter (). It is found that the values of the Hubble parameter lie in the range . It is mentioned here that the equation of state parameter lies within the ranges for and for , respectively. Also, the – planes provide a CDM limit, and freezing and thawing regions for all cases of . It is also interesting to mention here that the – planes lie in the range (). In addition, the – planes also correspond to CDM for all cases of . Finally, it is remarked that all the above constraints of the cosmological parameters (corresponding to and ) show consistency with different observational data like Planck, WP, BAO, , SNLS, and nine-year WMAP."
"A warm inflationary Universe in the Randall–Sundrum II model during intermediate inflation is studied. For this purpose, we consider the general form for the dissipative coefficient , and also we analyze this inflationary model in the weak and strong dissipative regimes. We study the evolution of the Universe under the slow-roll approximation and find solutions to the full effective Friedmann equation in the brane-world framework. In order to constrain the parameters in our model, we consider the recent data from the BICEP2 to Planck 2015 data together with the necessary condition for warm inflation , and also the condition from the weak (or strong) dissipative regime."
"We present LO, NLO and NNLO sets of parton distribution functions (PDFs) of the proton determined from global analyses of the available hard scattering data. These MMHT2014 PDFs supersede the ‘MSTW2008’ parton sets, but they are obtained within the same basic framework. We include a variety of new data sets, from the LHC, updated Tevatron data and the HERA combined H1 and ZEUS data on the total and charm structure functions. We also improve the theoretical framework of the previous analysis. These new PDFs are compared to the ‘MSTW2008’ parton sets. In most cases the PDFs, and the predictions, are within one standard deviation of those of MSTW2008. The major changes are the valence quark difference at small due to an improved parameterisation and, to a lesser extent, the strange quark PDF due to the effect of certain LHC data and a better treatment of the branching ratio. We compare our MMHT PDF sets with those of other collaborations; in particular with the NNPDF3.0 sets, which are contemporary with the present analysis."
"Due to their superfluid properties some compact astrophysical objects, like neutron or quark stars, may contain a significant part of their matter in the form of a Bose–Einstein condensate (BEC). Observationally distinguishing between neutron/quark stars and BEC stars is a major challenge for this latter theoretical model. An observational possibility of indirectly distinguishing BEC stars from neutron/quark stars is through the study of the thin accretion disks around compact general relativistic objects. In the present paper, we perform a detailed comparative study of the electromagnetic and thermodynamic properties of the thin accretion disks around rapidly rotating BEC stars, neutron stars and quark stars, respectively. Due to the differences in the exterior geometry, the thermodynamic and electromagnetic properties of the disks (energy flux, temperature distribution, equilibrium radiation spectrum, and efficiency of energy conversion) are different for these classes of compact objects. Hence in this preliminary study we have pointed out some astrophysical signatures that may allow one to observationally discriminate between BEC stars and neutron/quark stars."
"We propose a 12-dimensional supergravity action which describes low-energy dynamics of -theory. Dimensional reduction leads the theory to become 11-dimensional, IIA, and IIB supergravities. Self-duality of the four-form field in IIB supergravity is understood. It is necessary to abandon 12-dimensional Poincaré symmetry by making one dimension compact, which is to be decompactified in some region of parameter space, such that the physical degrees of freedom are the same as those of 11-dimensional supergravity. This makes -duality explicit as a relation between different compactification schemes."
"The aim of this work is to apply Weitzeböck Induced Matter Theory (WIMT) to Gullstränd–Painlevé and Reissner–Nordström metrics in the framework of WIMT. This is a newly developed method that extends Induced Matter Theory from a curved 5D manifold using the Weitzeböck’s geometry, using the fact that the Riemann–Weitzenböck curvature tensor is always null. We obtain the presence of currents whose interpretation can lead to the presence of stable gravito-magnetic monopoles."
"We present a phenomenological model for baryogenesis based on particle creation in the Friedman–Robertson–Walker (FRW) space-time. This study is a continuation of our proposal that Hawking-like radiation in FRW space-time explains several physical aspects of the early Universe including inflation. In this model we study a coupling between the FRW space-time, in the form of the derivative of the Ricci scalar, and the current, , which leads to a different chemical potential between baryons and anti-baryons, resulting in an excess of baryons over anti-baryons with the right order of magnitude. In this model the generation of baryon asymmetry, in principle, occurs over the entire history of the Universe, starting from the beginning of the radiation phase. However, in practice, almost the entire contribution to the baryon asymmetry only comes from the very beginning of the Universe and is negligible thereafter. There is a free parameter in our model which can be interpreted as defining the boundary between the unknown quantum gravity regime and the inflation/baryogenesis regime covered by our model. When this parameter is adjusted to give the observed value of baryon asymmetry we get a higher than usual energy scale for our inflation model which, however, may be in line with the Grand Unified Theory scale for inflation in view of the BICEP2 and Planck results. In addition our model provides the correct temperature for the CMB photons at the time of decoupling."
"We discuss the discrimination of the 125 GeV spin-parity Higgs-like boson observed at the LHC, decaying into two photons, , against the hypothesis of a minimally coupled narrow diphoton resonance with the same mass and giving the same total number of signal events under the peak. We apply, as the basic observable of the analysis, the center–edge asymmetry of the cosine of the polar angle of the produced photons in the diphoton rest frame to distinguish between the tested spin hypotheses. We show that the center–edge asymmetry should provide a strong discrimination between the possibilities of spin-0 and spin-2 with graviton-like couplings, depending on the fraction of production of the spin-2 signal, reaching for . Indeed, the has the potential to do better than existing analyses for ."
"For the search for additional Higgs bosons in the Minimal Supersymmetric Standard Model (MSSM) as well as for future precision analyses in the Higgs sector a precise knowledge of their decay properties is mandatory. We evaluate all two-body decay modes of the heavy Higgs bosons into sfermions in the MSSM with complex parameters (cMSSM). The evaluation is based on a full one-loop calculation of all decay channels, also including hard QED and QCD radiation. The dependence of the heavy Higgs bosons on the relevant cMSSM parameters is analyzed numerically. We find sizable contributions to many partial decay widths. They are roughly of of the tree-level results, but can go up to or higher. The size of the electroweak one-loop corrections can be as large as the QCD corrections. The full one-loop contributions are important for the correct interpretation of heavy Higgs-boson search results at the LHC and, if kinematically allowed, at a future linear collider. The evaluation of the branching ratios of the heavy Higgs bosons will be implemented into the Fortran code FeynHiggs."
"We analyze the semileptonic transition, where or , within the standard model. We apply the QCD sum rule approach to calculate the transition form factors entering the low energy Hamiltonian defining this channel. The fit functions of the form factors are used to estimate the total decay widths and branching fractions in all lepton channels. The orders of the branching ratios indicate that this transition is accessible at LHCb in the near future."
"In the framework of chiral quark model, the mass spectrum of is studied with Gaussian expansion method. With the wave functions obtained in the study of the mass spectrum, the open flavor two-body strong decay widths are calculated by using the model. The results show that the masses of and are consistent with the experimental data. The explanation of as is possible because the decay width of is in the range of the experimental value of . Although the mass of is about 110 MeV less than that of and the decay width of is much larger than that of , the assignment of as cannot be excluded due to the large uncertainty of the experimental decay width and the compatibility of the branching ratios of with that of , and the mass of can be shifted downwards by taking into account the coupling effect of the open charm channels. There are still no good candidates to and ."
"For minimal -supersymmetry, the theory stays perturbative to the GUT scale for . This upper bound is relaxed when one either takes the criterion that all couplings are close to 4 for non-perturbation or one allows for new fields at the intermediate scale between the weak and GUT scale. We show that a hidden gauge sector with spontaneously broken scale 10 TeV improves this bound as instead. This may induce significant effects on the Higgs physics, such as decreasing fine tuning involving the Higgs scalar mass, as well as on the small -phenomenology."
"We analyze the dynamical instability of a non-static reflection axial stellar structure by taking into account the generalized Euler equation in metric &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity. Such an equation is obtained by contracting the Bianchi identities of the usual anisotropic and effective stress-energy tensors, which after using a radial perturbation technique gives a modified collapse equation. In the realm of the gravity model, we investigate instability constraints at Newtonian and post-Newtonian approximations. We find that the instability of a meridional axial self-gravitating system depends upon the static profile of the structure coefficients, while &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) extra curvature terms induce the stability of the evolving celestial body."
"A bound state represents a balance between repulsive kinetic and attractive potential energy. In a hot quark–gluon plasma, the interaction potential experiences medium effects. Color screening modifies the attractive binding force between the quarks, while the increase of entropy with separation gives rise to a growing repulsion. We study the role of these phenomena for in-medium binding and dissociation. It is found that the relevant potential for binding is the free energy ; with increasing separation, further binding through the internal energy is compensated by repulsive entropic effects."
"We study the CPT-even dimension-six Chern–Simons-like term by including dynamical Kalb–Ramond and scalar fields to examine the cosmological birefringence. We show that the combined effect of a neutrino current and a Kalb–Ramond field could induce a sizable rotation polarization angle in the cosmic microwave background radiation polarization."
"We discuss the concept of local thermodynamical equilibrium in relativistic hydrodynamics in flat spacetime in a quantum statistical framework without an underlying kinetic description, suitable for strongly interacting fluids. We show that the appropriate definition of local equilibrium naturally leads to the introduction of a relativistic hydrodynamical frame in which the four-velocity vector is the one of a relativistic thermometer at equilibrium with the fluid, parallel to the inverse temperature four-vector , which then becomes a primary quantity. We show that this frame is the most appropriate for the expansion of the stress-energy tensor from local thermodynamical equilibrium and that therein the local laws of thermodynamics take on their simplest form. We discuss the difference between the frame and Landau frame and present an instance where they differ."
"We provide a new class of interior solutions for anisotropic stars admitting conformal motion in higher-dimensional noncommutative spacetime. The Einstein field equations are solved by choosing a particular density distribution function of Lorentzian type as provided by Nazari and Mehdipour [1, 2] under a noncommutative geometry. Several cases with and higher dimensions, e.g. , , and dimensions, are discussed separately. An overall observation is that the model parameters, such as density, radial pressure, transverse pressure, and anisotropy, all are well behaved and represent a compact star with mass   and radius  km. However, emphasis is put on the acceptability of the model from a physical point of view. As a consequence it is observed that higher dimensions, i.e. beyond spacetime, exhibit several interesting yet bizarre features, which are not at all untenable for a compact stellar model of strange quark type; thus this dictates the possibility of its extra-dimensional existence."
"We investigate the possibility to detect the scalar Higgs boson decay in the associated and production at the LHC using the -factorization QCD approach. Our consideration is based on the off-shell (i.e. depending on the transverse momenta of initial quarks and gluons) production amplitudes of , , and partonic subprocesses supplemented with the Catani–Ciafoloni–Fiorani–Marchesini (CCFM) dynamics of parton densities in a proton. We argue that the signal could be observed at large transverse momenta near the Higgs boson peak despite the overwhelming QCD background, and we point out the important role of angular correlations between the produced boson and -quarks."
"We write new functional renormalization group equations for a scalar nonminimally coupled to gravity. Thanks to the choice of the parametrization and of the gauge fixing they are simpler than older equations and avoid some of the difficulties that were previously present. In three dimensions these equations admit, at least for sufficiently small fields, a solution that may be interpreted as a gravitationally dressed Wilson–Fisher fixed point. We also find for any dimension additional analytic scaling solutions which we study for and . One of them corresponds to the fixed point of the Einstein–Hilbert truncation, the others involve a nonvanishing minimal coupling."
"In the current paper the Lagrangian of a classical, relativistic point particle is obtained whose conjugate momentum satisfies the dispersion relation of a quantum wave packet that is subject to Lorentz violation based on a particular coefficient of the nonminimal standard-model extension (SME). The properties of this Lagrangian are analyzed and two corresponding Finsler structures are obtained. One structure describes a scaled Euclidean geometry, whereas the other is neither a Riemann nor a Randers or Kropina structure. The results of the article provide some initial understanding of classical Lagrangians of the nonminimal SME fermion sector."
"This paper presents a measurement of the inclusive 3-jet production differential cross section at a proton–proton centre-of-mass energy of 7 TeV using data corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 5collected with the CMS detector. The analysis is based on the three jets with the highest transverse momenta. The cross section is measured as a function of the invariant mass of the three jets in a range of 445–3270 GeV and in two bins of the maximum rapidity of the jets up to a value of 2. A comparison between the measurement and the prediction from perturbative QCD at next-to-leading order is performed. Within uncertainties, data and theory are in agreement. The sensitivity of the observable to the strong coupling constant is studied. A fit to all data points with 3-jet masses larger than 664 GeV gives a value of the strong coupling constant of ."
"Black holes are unique objects which allow for meaningful theoretical studies of strong gravity and even quantum gravity effects. An infalling and a distant observer would have very different views on the structure of the world. However, a careful analysis has shown that it entails no genuine contradictions for physics, and the paradigm of observer complementarity has been coined. Recently this picture was put into doubt. In particular, it was argued that in old black holes a firewall must form in order to protect the basic principles of quantum mechanics. This AMPS paradox has already been discussed in a vast number of papers with different attitudes and conclusions. Here we want to argue that a possible source of confusion is the neglect of quantum gravity effects. Contrary to widespread perception, it does not necessarily mean that effective field theory is inapplicable in rather smooth neighbourhoods of large black hole horizons. The real offender might be an attempt to consistently use it over the huge distances from the near-horizon zone of old black holes to the early radiation. We give simple estimates to support this viewpoint and show how the Page time and (somewhat more speculative) scrambling time do appear."
"We consider the direct photon production in a two hadron collision with one of the hadrons transversely polarized. By using the contour gauge for gluon fields, we find that there are new twist- terms present in the hadron tensor of the considered process in addition to the standard twist- terms. In this work, we demonstrate that the significance of these new terms are twofold: first, they are crucial to both the QED and the QCD gauge invariance and, second, their contributions to the hadron tensor are at least the same as those from the standard ones. We also study the resulting effects which are responsible for the universality breaking of the corresponding twist- parton distributions."
"The dominance of Type-II seesaw mechanism for the neutrino masses has attracted considerable attention because of a number of advantages. We show a novel approach to achieve Type-II seesaw dominance in non-supersymmetric SO(10) grand unification where a low-mass boson and specific patterns of right-handed neutrino masses are predicted within the accessible energy range of the Large Hadron Collider. In spite of the high value of the seesaw scale, – GeV, the model predicts new dominant contributions to neutrino-less double beta decay in the – channel close to the current experimental limits via exchanges of heavier singlet fermions used as essential ingredients of this model even when the light active neutrino masses are normally hierarchical or invertedly hierarchical. We obtain upper bounds on the lightest sterile neutrino mass  GeV,  GeV and  GeV for normally hierarchical, invertedly hierarchical and quasi-degenerate patterns of light-neutrino masses, respectively. The underlying non-unitarity effects lead to lepton flavour violating decay branching ratios within the reach of ongoing or planned experiments and the leptonic CP-violation parameter nearly two order larger than the quark sector. Some of the predicted values on the proton lifetime for are found to be within the currently accessible search limits. Other aspects of model applications including leptogenesis etc. are briefly indicated."
"Observable quantities in cosmology are dimensionless, and therefore independent of the units in which they are measured. This is true of all physical quantities associated with the primordial perturbations that source cosmic microwave background anisotropies such as their amplitude and spectral properties. However, if one were to try and &lt;i&gt;infer&lt;i/&gt; an absolute energy scale for inflation—a priori, one of the more immediate corollaries of detecting primordial tensor modes—one necessarily makes reference to a particular choice of units, the natural choice for which is Planck units. In this note, we discuss various aspects of how inferring the energy scale of inflation is complicated by the fact that the effective strength of gravity as seen by inflationary quanta necessarily differs from that seen by gravitational experiments at presently accessible scales. The uncertainty in the former relative to the latter has to do with the unknown spectrum of universally coupled particles between laboratory scales and the putative scale of inflation. These intermediate particles could be in hidden as well as visible sectors or could also be associated with Kaluza–Klein resonances associated with a compactification scale &lt;i&gt;below&lt;i/&gt; the scale of inflation. We discuss various implications for cosmological observables."
"We propose a Finsler spacetime scenario of the anisotropic universe. The Finslerian universe requires both the fine-structure constant and the accelerating cosmic expansion to have a dipole structure and the directions of these two dipoles to be the same. Our numerical results show that the dipole direction of the SnIa Hubble diagram locates at with magnitude . The dipole direction of the fine-structure constant locates at with magnitude . The angular separation between the two dipole directions is about ."
"It is well known that the SU(2) Reissner–Nordström black-hole solutions of the Einstein–Yang–Mills theory are characterized by an infinite set of unstable (imaginary) eigenvalues (here is the black-hole temperature). In this paper we analyze the excited instability spectrum of these magnetically charged black holes. The numerical results suggest the existence of a universal behavior for these black-hole excited eigenvalues. In particular, we show that unstable eigenvalues in the regime are characterized, to a very good degree of accuracy, by the simple universal relation , where are the horizon radii of the black hole."
"In this paper we continue the development of a model for strong interactions at high energy, based on two ingredients: the CGC/saturation approach and the BFKL Pomeron. In our approach, the unknown mechanism of confinement of quarks and gluons is characterized by several numerical parameters, which are extracted from the experimental data. We demonstrate that the two channel model successfully describes the experimental data, including both the value of the elastic slope and the energy behavior of the single diffraction cross section. We show that the disagreement with the experimental data of our previous single channel eikonal model (Gotsman et al., Eur Phys J C 75:1–18, 2015) stems from the simplified approach used for the hadron structure and is not related to our principal theoretical input, based on the CGC/saturation approach."
"Hadronic decays of the highly excited resonances have been studied in the model. The widths of all possible hadronic decay channels of the have been computed. , , , , and can be produced from hadronic decays of the , and the relevant hadronic decay widths have been particularly paid attention to. The hadronic decay widths of to or may be large, and the numerical results are different in different assignments of and . The hadronic decay widths of to , or are very small, and different in different assignments of ."
"A -dimensional gravitational model with Gauss–Bonnet term is considered. When an ansatz with diagonal cosmological type metrics is adopted, we find solutions with an exponential dependence of the scale factors (with respect to a “synchronous-like” variable) which describe an exponential expansion of “our” 3-dimensional factor space and obey the observational constraints on the temporal variation of effective gravitational constant . Among them there are two exact solutions in dimensions with constant and also an infinite series of solutions in dimensions with the variation of obeying the observational data."
"In this paper, we consider two first order corrections to both the gravity and the gauge sides of the Einstein–Maxwell gravity: Gauss–Bonnet gravity and quadratic Maxwell invariant as corrections. We obtain horizonless magnetic solutions by implying a metric representing a topological defect. We analyze the geometric properties of the solutions and investigate the effects of both corrections, and find that these solutions may be interpreted as magnetic branes. We study the singularity condition and find a nonsingular spacetime with a conical geometry. We also investigate the effects of different parameters on the deficit angle of spacetime near the origin."
"A dilaton potential is adjusted to recently confirmed lattice QCD thermodynamics data in the temperature range where is the pseudo-critical temperature. The employed holographic model is based on a gravity–single-field dilaton dual. We discuss conditions for enforcing (for the pure gluon plasma) or avoiding (for the QCD quark–gluon plasma) a first-order phase transition, but still keeping a softest point (minimum of sound velocity)."
"An approach for solving scattering problems, based on two quantum field theory methods, the heat-kernel method and the scattering spectral method, is constructed. This approach converts a method of calculating heat kernels into a method of solving scattering problems. This allows us to establish a method of scattering problems from a method of heat kernels. As an application, we construct an approach for solving scattering problems based on the covariant perturbation theory of heat-kernel expansions. In order to apply the heat-kernel method to scattering problems, we first calculate the off-diagonal heat-kernel expansion in the frame of covariant perturbation theory. Moreover, as an alternative application of the relation between heat kernels and partial-wave phase shifts presented in this paper, we give an example of how to calculate a global heat kernel from a known scattering phase shift."
"Nonleptonic two-body decays including radially excited or mesons in the final state are studied using the perturbative QCD approach based on factorization. The charmonium distribution amplitudes are extracted from the Schrödinger states for the harmonic oscillator potential. Utilizing these distribution amplitudes, we calculate the numerical results of the transition form factors and branching fractions of decays. The ratio between two decay modes and is compatible with the experimental data within uncertainties, which indicates that the harmonic-oscillator wave functions for and work well. It is found that the branching fraction of , which is dominated by the twist-3 charmonium distribution amplitude, can reach the order of . We hope it can be measured soon in the LHCb experiment."
"The production of forward jets separated by a large rapidity gap at LHC, the so-called Mueller–Navelet jets, is a fundamental testfield for perturbative QCD in the high-energy limit. Several analyses have already provided us with evidence about the compatibility of theoretical predictions, based on collinear factorization and BFKL resummation of energy logarithms in the next-to-leading approximation, with the CMS experimental data at 7 TeV of center-of-mass energy. However, the question if the same data can be described also by fixed-order perturbative approaches has not yet been fully answered. In this paper we provide numerical evidence that the mere use of partially asymmetric cuts in the transverse momenta of the detected jets allows for a clear separation between BFKL-resummed and fixed-order predictions in some observables related with the Mueller–Navelet jet production process."
"Background fermion condensates in a landscape dominated by global supersymmetry are reassessed in connection with a scenario where Lorentz symmetry is violated in the bosonic sector (actually, the photon sector) by a CPT-even term. An effective photonic action is discussed that originates from the supersymmetric background fermion condensates. Also, the photino mass emerges in terms of a particular condensate contrary to what happens in the case of -violation. Finally, the interparticle potential induced by the effective photonic action is investigated and a confining profile is identified."
"We calculate the corrections to the Higgs mass in general theories restricted to the case of massless gauge bosons (the gaugeless limit). We present analytic expressions for the two-loop tadpole diagrams, and corresponding expressions for the zero-momentum limit of the Higgs self-energies, equivalent to the second derivative of the two-loop effective potential. We describe the implementation in SARAH, which allows for an efficient, accurate and rapid evaluation for generic theories. In the appendix, we provide the expressions for the tadpole diagrams in the case of massive gauge bosons."
"The high energy neutrinos produced in a choked gamma-ray burst can undergo matter oscillation before emerging out of the stellar envelope. Before reaching the detector on Earth, these neutrinos can undergo further vacuum oscillation and then Earth matter oscillation when crossing the diameter of the Earth. In the context of IceCube we study the Earth matter effect on neutrino flux in the detector. For the calculation of the track-to-shower ratio &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt; in the IceCube, we have included the shadowing effect and the additional contribution from the muon track produced by the high energy tau lepton decay in the vicinity of the detector. We observed that &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt; is different for different CP phases in vacuum but the matter effect suppresses these differences. We have also studied the behavior of &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt; when the spectral index varies."
"The inclusive jet cross section for proton–proton collisions at a centre-of-mass energy of 7 was measured by the CMS Collaboration at the LHC with data corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 5.0. The measurement covers a phase space up to 2 in jet transverse momentum and 2.5 in absolute jet rapidity. The statistical precision of these data leads to stringent constraints on the parton distribution functions of the proton. The data provide important input for the gluon density at high fractions of the proton momentum and for the strong coupling constant at large energy scales. Using predictions from perturbative quantum chromodynamics at next-to-leading order, complemented with electroweak corrections, the constraining power of these data is investigated and the strong coupling constant at the Z boson mass is determined to be , which is in agreement with the world average."
"The quantum dynamics of scalar bosons embedded in the background of a cosmic string is considered. In this work, scalar bosons are described by the Duffin–Kemmer–Petiau (DKP) formalism. In particular, the effects of this topological defect in the equation of motion, energy spectrum, and DKP spinor are analyzed and discussed in detail. The exact solutions for the DKP oscillator in this background are presented in closed form."
"In the context of two Higgs doublet models, we study the conditions required in order to have stable quasi-alignment in flavour space. We show that stability under the renormalisation group equations imposes strong constraints on the flavour structure of the Yukawa couplings associated to each one of the Higgs doublets. In particular, we find a novel solution, where all Yukawa couplings are proportional to the so-called democratic matrix. This solution is rather unique, since it is the only stable solution which is a good starting point for reproducing the observed pattern of quark masses and mixing. We also show that this stable solution can be obtained by imposing on the Lagrangian a flavour symmetry. Quark masses of the lighter quark generations are generated through the breaking of this discrete symmetry, and, at this stage, scalar-mediated flavour-changing neutral-currents arise, but they are naturally suppressed by the smallness of the light quark masses. In this way, we relate Higgs alignment to the hierarchy of the quark masses through a discrete family symmetry."
"An on-shell effective theory (OSET) approach has been widely used in searches of various supersymmetric signals, in particular, gluino/squark pairs with long cascade decay chains in which complete matrix element calculations may encounter high dimensional integrations. On the other hand, leptons from polarized chargino decays may show a significant boost effect in some scenarios and simulation without polarization information may underestimate or overestimate the lepton cut efficiencies in the first place. We study the polarization effects in leptonic decaying charginos from squarks or gluinos. Taking the polarization effects into account, we find it still justifiable to take only the OSET approach for a large parameter region, for instance, the first two generation squarks due to indistinguishable final states as well as a flat angular distribution in the motion of the lepton. On the other hand, we use the leptonic stop to illustrate the feature and find that the lepton cut efficiencies in cross section measurements can have maximally 25 % reduction or maximally 17 % enhancement in comparison with the kinematics-only approach. The signal rates after the cuts simulated by OSET are then underestimated/overestimated and the real bound on the squark/gluino should be more stringent or loose for a specific choice of the chargino and one can take the simulated efficiencies as a fast-simulation factor to multiply to the OSET simulated results."
"We study the properties of the energy-momentum tensor of gauge fields coupled to matter in non-commutative (Moyal) space. In general, the non-commutativity affects the usual conservation law of the tensor as well as its transformation properties (gauge covariance instead of gauge invariance). It is well known that the conservation of the energy-momentum tensor can be achieved by a redefinition involving another star-product. Furthermore, for a pure gauge theory it is always possible to define a gauge invariant energy-momentum tensor by means of a Wilson line. We show that the last two procedures are incompatible with each other if couplings of gauge fields to matter fields (scalars or fermions) are considered: The gauge invariant tensor (constructed via Wilson line) does not allow for a redefinition assuring its conservation, and vice versa the introduction of another star-product does not allow for gauge invariance by means of a Wilson line."
"We amend a recent dispersive analysis of the anomalous decay process by the effects of the tensor meson, the lowest-lying resonance that can contribute in the system. While the net effects on the measured decay spectrum are small, they may be more pronounced for the analogous decay. There are nonnegligible consequences for the transition form factor, which is an important quantity for the hadronic light-by-light scattering contribution to the muon’s anomalous magnetic moment. We predict total and differential cross sections, as well as a marked forward–backward asymmetry, for the crossed process , which could be measured in Primakoff reactions in the future."
"We modify the treatment of multiple parton interactions (MPI) in Pythia by including the mechanism and treating the mechanism in a model-independent way. The mechanism is calculated within the mean field approximation, and its parameters are expressed through generalized parton distributions extracted from HERA data. The parameters related to the transverse parton distribution inside the proton are thus independent of the performed fit. The mechanism is included along the lines of the recently developed formalism in perturbative QCD. A unified description of MPI at moderate and hard transverse momenta is obtained within a consistent framework, in good agreement with experimental data measured at 7 TeV. Predictions are also shown for the considered observables at 14 TeV. The corresponding code implementing the new MPI approach is made available."
"We argue that the calculated masses of heavy tetraquarks obtained by solution of the spin-independent homogeneous Lippmann–Schwinger integral equation in a diquark–antidiquark picture reported by Monemzadeh et al. (Phys Lett B 741:124, 2015), are incorrect. We have reexamined all of the published results and we believe that not only the reported tetraquark masses for states with zero total angular momentum are incorrect, but the reported masses for states with non-zero total angular momentum are quite misleading, because these states cannot be predicted by a spin-independent formalism."
"We study static black hole solutions in Einstein and Einstein–Gauss–Bonnet gravity with the topology of the product of two spheres, , in higher dimensions. There is an unusual new feature of the Gauss–Bonnet black hole: the avoidance of a non-central naked singularity prescribes a mass range for the black hole in terms of . For an Einstein–Gauss–Bonnet black hole a limited window of negative values for is also permitted. This topology encompasses black strings, branes, and generalized Nariai metrics. We also give new solutions with the product of two spheres of constant curvature."
"We study a single-fluid component in a flat like universe (FLU) governed by &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity theories, where &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt; is the teleparallel torsion scalar. The FLU model, regardless of the value of the spatial curvature &lt;i&gt;k&lt;i/&gt;, identifies a special class of &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity theories. Remarkably, FLU &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity does not reduce to teleparallel gravity theory. In large Hubble spacetime the theory is consistent with the inflationary universe scenario and respects the conservation principle. The equation of state evolves similarly in all models . We study the case when the torsion tensor consists of a scalar field, which enables to derive a quintessence potential from the obtained &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity theory. The potential produces Starobinsky-like model naturally without using a conformal transformation, with higher orders continuously interpolate between Starobinsky and quadratic inflation models. The slow-roll analysis shows double solutions, so that for a single value of the scalar tilt (spectral index) the theory can predict double tensor-to-scalar ratios &lt;i&gt;r&lt;i/&gt; of &lt;i&gt;E&lt;i/&gt;-mode and &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt;-mode polarizations."
"A non-conformally invariant coupling between the inflaton and the photon in the minimal Lorentz-violating standard model extension is analyzed. For specific forms of the Lorentz-violating background tensor, the strong-coupling and back-reaction problems of magnetogenesis in de Sitter inflation with scale are evaded, the electromagnetic-induced primordial spectra of (Gaussian and non-Gaussian) scalar and tensor curvature perturbations are compatible with cosmic microwave background observations, and the inflation-produced magnetic field directly accounts for cosmic magnetic fields."
"We obtain a new exact solution to the field equations for a 5-dimensional spherically symmetric static distribution in the Einstein–Gauss–Bonnet modified theory of gravity. By using a transformation, the study is reduced to the analysis of a single second order nonlinear differential equation. In general the condition of pressure isotropy produces a first order differential equation which is an Abel equation of the second kind. An exact solution is found. The solution is examined for physical admissibility. In particular a set of constants is found which ensures that a pressure-free hypersurface exists which defines the boundary of the distribution. Additionally the isotropic pressure and the energy density are shown to be positive within the radius of the sphere. The adiabatic sound-speed criterion is also satisfied within the fluid ensuring a subluminal sound speed. Furthermore, the weak, strong and dominant conditions hold throughout the distribution. On setting the Gauss–Bonnet coupling to zero, an exact solution for 5-dimensional perfect fluids in the standard Einstein theory is obtained. Plots of the dynamical quantities for the Gauss–Bonnet and the Einstein case reveal that the pressure is unaffected, while the energy density increases under the influence of the Gauss–Bonnet term."
"In this paper, we introduce the counterterms that remove the non-logarithmic divergences of the action in third order Lovelock gravity for static spacetimes. We do this by defining the cosmological constant in such a way that the asymptotic form of the metric have the same form in Lovelock and Einstein gravities. Thus, we employ the counterterms of Einstein gravity and show that the power law divergences of the action of Lovelock gravity for static spacetimes can be removed by suitable choice of coefficients. We find that the dependence of these coefficients on the dimension in Lovelock gravity is the same as in Einstein gravity. We also introduce the finite energy-momentum tensor and employ these counterterms to calculate the finite action and mass of static black hole solutions of third order Lovelock gravity. Next, we calculate the thermodynamic quantities and show that the entropy calculated through the use of Gibbs-Duhem relation is consistent with the obtained entropy by Wald’s formula. Furthermore, we find that in contrast to Einstein gravity in which there exists no uncharged extreme black hole, third order Lovelock gravity can have these kind of black holes. Finally, we investigate the stability of static charged black holes of Lovelock gravity in canonical ensemble and find that small black holes show a phase transition between very small and small black holes, while the large ones are stable."
"Dissipative relativistic fluid-dynamical descriptions of the extended fireball formed in high-energy heavy-ion collisions are quite successful; yet they require a prescription for converting the fluid into particles. We present arguments in favour of using a locally anisotropic momentum distribution for the particles emitted from the fluid, so as to smooth out discontinuities introduced by the usual conversion prescriptions. Building on this ansatz, we investigate the effect of the asymmetry on several observables of heavy-ion physics."
"We apply the statefinder hierarchy plus the fractional growth parameter to explore the extended Ricci dark energy (ERDE) model, in which there are two independent coefficients and . By adjusting them, we plot evolution trajectories of some typical parameters, including the Hubble expansion rate &lt;i&gt;E&lt;i/&gt;, deceleration parameter &lt;i&gt;q&lt;i/&gt;, the third- and fourth-order hierarchy and , and the fractional growth parameter , respectively, as well as several combinations of them. For the case of variable and constant , in the low-redshift region the evolution trajectories of &lt;i&gt;E&lt;i/&gt; are in high degeneracy and that of &lt;i&gt;q&lt;i/&gt; separate somewhat. However, the CDM model is confounded with ERDE in both of these cases. and , especially the former, perform much better. They can differentiate well only varieties of cases within ERDE except CDM in the low-redshift region. For the high-redshift region, combinations can break the degeneracy. Both of and have the ability to discriminate ERDE with from CDM, of which the degeneracy cannot be broken by all the before-mentioned parameters. For the case of variable and constant , and can only discriminate ERDE from CDM. Nothing but pairs and can discriminate not only within ERDE but also ERDE from CDM. Finally, we find that is surprisingly a better choice to discriminate within ERDE itself, and ERDE from CDM as well, rather than ."
"The IceCube Collaboration has observed 37 neutrino events in the energy range PeV and the sources of these neutrinos are unknown. Here we show that the positions of 12 high energy blazars and the position of the FR-I galaxy Centaurus A coincide within the error circles of ten IceCube events, the latter being in the error circle of the highest energy event so far observed by IceCube. Two of the above blazars are simultaneously within the error circles of the Telescope Array hotspot and one IceCube event. We found that the blazar H2356-309 is within the error circles of three IceCube events. We propose that photohadronic interactions of the Fermi accelerated high energy protons with the synchrotron/SSC background photons in the nuclear region of these high energy blazars and AGN are probably responsible for some of the observed IceCube events."
"Our current knowledge about the quasinormal resonance spectrum of charged and rotating Kerr–Newman black holes is quite poor. This unsatisfactory situation is a direct consequence of the fact that all attempts to decouple the gravitational and electromagnetic perturbations of generic Kerr–Newman black holes have failed thus far. Recently, Zilhão et al. (Phys Rev D 90:12, 124088, 2014. arXiv:1410.0694) have studied the nonlinear stability of Kerr–Newman black holes. We show here that their &lt;i&gt;numerical&lt;i/&gt; results for the time evolutions of the spacetime deformations of near-extremal Kerr–Newman black holes are described extremely well by a simple and universal &lt;i&gt;analytical&lt;i/&gt; formula for the quasinormal resonances of the black holes. This formula is expressed in terms of the black-hole physical parameters: the horizon angular velocity and the Bekenstein–Hawking temperature ."
"From the physics standpoint the exotic matter problem is a major difficulty in thin shell wormholes (TSWs) with spherical/cylindrical throat topologies. We aim to circumvent this handicap by considering angle dependent throats in dimensions. By considering the throat of the TSW to be deformed spherical, i.e., a function of and , we present general conditions which are to be satisfied by the shape of the throat in order to have the wormhole supported by matter with positive density in the static reference frame. We provide particular solutions/examples to the constraint conditions."
"We study the role of arbitrary (finite) anticanonical transformations in the field–antifield formalism and the gauge-fixing procedure based on the use of these transformations. The properties of the generating functionals of the Green functions subjected to finite anticanonical transformations are considered."
"Energy-dependent patterns in the arrival directions of cosmic rays are searched for using data of the Pierre Auger Observatory. We investigate local regions around the highest-energy cosmic rays with eV by analyzing cosmic rays with energies above eV arriving within an angular separation of approximately 15. We characterize the energy distributions inside these regions by two independent methods, one searching for angular dependence of energy-energy correlations and one searching for collimation of energy along the local system of principal axes of the energy distribution. No significant patterns are found with this analysis. The comparison of these measurements with astrophysical scenarios can therefore be used to obtain constraints on related model parameters such as strength of cosmic-ray deflection and density of point sources."
"In this work we consider a dipole asymmetry in tensor modes and study the effects of this asymmetry on the angular power spectra of CMB. We derive analytical expressions for the and in the presence of such dipole modulation in tensor modes for . We also discuss on the amplitude of modulation term and show that the is considerably modified due to this term."
"We present a detailed study of Higgs boson production in association with a single top quark at the LHC, at next-to-leading order accuracy in QCD. We consider total and differential cross sections, at the parton level as well as by matching short distance events to parton showers, for both &lt;i&gt;t&lt;i/&gt;-channel and &lt;i&gt;s&lt;i/&gt;-channel production. We provide predictions relevant for the LHC at 13 TeV together with a thorough evaluation of the residual uncertainties coming from scale variation, parton distributions, strong coupling constant and heavy quark masses. In addition, for &lt;i&gt;t&lt;i/&gt;-channel production, we compare results as obtained in the 4-flavour and 5-flavour schemes, pinning down the most relevant differences between them. Finally, we study the sensitivity to a non-standard-model relative phase between the Higgs couplings to the top quark and to the weak bosons."
"This work deals with new classes of spinors of mass dimension 1 in Minkowski spacetime. In order to accomplish it, Lounesto’s classification scheme and the inversion theorem are going to be used. The algebraic framework shall be revisited by explicating the central point performed by the Fierz aggregate. Then the spinor classification is generalized in order to encompass the new mass dimension 1 spinors. The spinor operator is shown to play a prominent role to engender the new mass dimension 1 spinors, accordingly."
"We discuss the dynamical analysis in &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity (where &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt; is the Ricci scalar and &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt; is the trace of the energy momentum tensor) for gravitating sources carrying axial symmetry. The self-gravitating system is taken to be anisotropic and the line element describes an axially symmetric geometry avoiding rotation about the symmetry axis and meridional motions (zero vorticity case). The modified field equations for axial symmetry in &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) theory are formulated, together with the dynamical equations. Linearly perturbed dynamical equations lead to the evolution equation carrying the adiabatic index , which defines the impact of a non-minimal matter to geometry coupling on the range of instability for Newtonian and post-Newtonian approximations."
"I study the phenomenology of heavy neutral bosons , predicted in GUT-inspired U(1) models, at the Large Hadron Collider. In particular, I investigate possible signatures due to decays into supersymmetric particles, such as chargino, neutralino, and sneutrino pairs, leading to final states with charged leptons and missing energy. The analysis is carried out at  TeV, for a few representative points of the parameter space of the Minimal Supersymmetric Standard Model, suitably modified to accommodate the extra boson and consistent with the discovery of a Higgs-like boson with mass around 125 GeV. Results are presented for several observables and compared with those obtained for direct decays into lepton pairs, as well as direct production of supersymmetric particles. For the sake of comparison, phenomenology in an effective supersymmetric extension of the Sequential Standard Model is also discussed."
"A search for a new resonance decaying to a &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; or &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; boson and a Higgs boson in the final states is performed using 20.3 fb of &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collision data recorded at  8 TeV with the ATLAS detector at the Large Hadron Collider. The search is conducted by examining the &lt;i&gt;WH&lt;i/&gt; / &lt;i&gt;ZH&lt;i/&gt; invariant mass distribution for a localized excess. No significant deviation from the Standard Model background prediction is observed. The results are interpreted in terms of constraints on the Minimal Walking Technicolor model and on a simplified approach based on a phenomenological Lagrangian of Heavy Vector Triplets."
"The running of the non-minimal parameter of the interaction of the real scalar field and scalar curvature is explored within the non-perturbative setting of the functional renormalization group (RG). We establish the RG flow in curved space-time in the scalar field sector, in particular derive an equation for the non-minimal parameter. The RG trajectory is numerically explored for different sets of initial data."
"We present a study of the generalized parton distributions (GPDs) for the quarks in a proton in both momentum and position spaces using the light-front wave functions (LFWFs) of a quark–diquark model for the nucleon predicted by the soft-wall model of AdS/QCD. The results are compared with the soft-wall AdS/QCD model of proton GPDs for zero skewness. We also calculate the GPDs for nonzero skewness. We observe that the GPDs have a diffraction pattern in longitudinal position space, as seen before in other models. Then we present a comparative study of the nucleon charge and anomalous magnetization densities in the transverse plane. Flavor decompositions of the form factors and transverse densities are also discussed."
"We suggest the universe is Finslerian in the stage of inflation. The Finslerian background spacetime breaks rotational symmetry and induces parity violation. The primordial power spectrum is given for the quantum fluctuation of the inflation field. It depends not only on the magnitude of the wavenumber but also on the preferred direction. We derive the gravitational field equations in the perturbed Finslerian background spacetime, and we obtain a conserved quantity outside the Hubble horizon. The angular correlation coefficients are presented in our anisotropic inflation model. The parity violation feature of Finslerian background spacetime requires that the anisotropic effect only appears in the angular correlation coefficients if . The numerical results of the angular correlation coefficients are given describing the anisotropic effect."
"We propose the gravity’s rainbow scenario as a possible alternative of the inflation paradigm to account for the flatness and horizon problems. We focus on studying the cosmological scalar perturbations which are seeded by the quantum fluctuations in the very early universe. The scalar power spectrum is expected to be nearly scale-invariant. We estimate the rainbow index and energy scale &lt;i&gt;M&lt;i/&gt; in the gravity’s rainbow scenario by analyzing the Planck temperature and WMAP polarization datasets. The constraints on them are given by and at the confidence level."
"The large cross section for production at the large hadron collider (LHC) and at any future hadron collider provides a high-statistics and relatively clean environment for a study of &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; boson properties: after tagging on a leptonic decay of one of the &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt;s and the two &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt; jets, an additional &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; still remains in the event. We study the prospect of making the first exclusive hadronic decay of a fundamental boson of the standard model, using the decay modes and , and other related decays. By using strong isolation criteria, which we impose by searching for jets with a single particle constituent, we show that the three-particle hadronic &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; decays have potential to be measured at the LHC. The possibility of measuring an involved spectrum of decay products could considerably expand our knowledge of how the &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; decays, and experimental techniques acquired in making these measurements would be useful for application to future measurements of exclusive hadronic Higgs boson decays."
"The next-to-leading order (NLO) cross section of the gluon fusion process is matched to parton showers in the MC@NLO approach. We work in the framework of MadGraph5_aMC@NLO and document the inclusion of the full quark-mass dependence in the Standard Model (SM) as well as the state-of-the-art squark and gluino effects within the Minimal Supersymmetric SM  embodied in the program SusHi. The combination of the two programs is realized by a script which is publicly available and whose usage is detailed. We discuss the input cards and the relevant parameter switches. One of our focuses is on the shower scale which is specifically important for gluon-induced Higgs production, particularly in models with enhanced Higgs-bottom Yukawa coupling."
"In the scenario of single-field inflation, this field is described in terms of Jacobian elliptic functions. This approach provides, when constrained to particular cases, analytic solutions already known in the past, generalizing them to a bigger family of analytical solutions. The emergent cosmology is analyzed using the Hamilton–Jacobi approach and then the main results are contrasted with the recent measurements obtained from the &lt;i&gt;Planck&lt;i/&gt; 2015 data."
"An optimized digital shaping filter has been developed for the Gerda experiment which searches for neutrinoless double beta decay in Ge. The Gerda Phase I energy calibration data have been reprocessed and an average improvement of 0.3 keV in energy resolution (FWHM) corresponding to 10 % at the value for decay in Ge is obtained. This is possible thanks to the enhanced low-frequency noise rejection of this Zero Area Cusp (ZAC) signal shaping filter."
"A generalisation of the narrow-width approximation (NWA) is formulated which allows for a consistent treatment of interference effects between nearly mass-degenerate particles in the factorisation of a more complicated process into production and decay parts. It is demonstrated that interference effects of this kind arising in BSM models can be very large, leading to drastic modifications of predictions based on the standard NWA. The application of the generalised NWA is demonstrated both at tree level and at one-loop order for an example process where the neutral Higgs bosons &lt;i&gt;h&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;H&lt;i/&gt; of the MSSM are produced in the decay of a heavy neutralino and subsequently decay into a fermion pair. The generalised NWA, based on on-shell matrix elements or their approximations leading to simple weight factors, is shown to produce UV- and IR-finite results which are numerically close to the result of the full process at tree level and at one-loop order, where an agreement of better than is found for the considered process. The most accurate prediction for this process based on the generalised NWA, taking into account also corrections that are formally of higher orders, is briefly discussed."
"A new theory of gravity called Eddington-inspired Born–Infeld (EiBI) gravity was recently proposed by Bañados and Ferreira. This theory leads to some exciting new features, such as free of cosmological singularities. In this paper, we first obtain a charged EiBI black hole solution with a nonvanishing cosmological constant when the electromagnetic field is included in. Then based on it, we study the strong gravitational lensing by the asymptotic flat charged EiBI black hole. The strong deflection limit coefficients and observables are shown to closely depend on the additional coupling parameter in the EiBI gravity. It is found that, compared with the corresponding charged black hole in general relativity, the positive coupling parameter will shrink the black hole horizon and photon sphere. Moreover, the coupling parameter will decrease the angular position and relative magnitudes of the relativistic images, while increase the angular separation, which may shine new light on testing such gravity theory in near future by the astronomical instruments."
"Extensive &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt;-body simulations are among the key means for the study of numerous astrophysical and cosmological phenomena, so various schemes are developed for possibly higher accuracy computations. We demonstrate the principal possibility for revealing the evolution of a perturbed Hamiltonian system with an accuracy independent on time. The method is based on the Laplace transform and the derivation and analytical solution of an evolution equation in the phase space for the resolvent and using computer algebra."
"A search for a standard model Higgs boson produced in association with a top-quark pair and decaying to bottom quarks is presented. Events with hadronic jets and one or two oppositely charged leptons are selected from a data sample corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 19.5 collected by the CMS experiment at the LHC in collisions at a centre-of-mass energy of 8. In order to separate the signal from the larger  + jets background, this analysis uses a matrix element method that assigns a probability density value to each reconstructed event under signal or background hypotheses. The ratio between the two values is used in a maximum likelihood fit to extract the signal yield. The results are presented in terms of the measured signal strength modifier, , relative to the standard model prediction for a Higgs boson mass of 125. The observed (expected) exclusion limit at a 95 % confidence level is (3.3), corresponding to a best fit value ."
"In this paper we are concerned with the effects of an anisotropic pressure on the boundary conditions of the anisotropic Lane–Emden equation and the homology theorem. Some new exact solutions of this equation are derived. Then some of the theorems governing the Newtonian perfect fluid star are extended, taking the anisotropic pressure into account."
"A real-valued triplet of scalar fields as a source gives rise to a metric which tilts the scalar, not the light cone, in 2+1 dimensions. The topological metric is static, regular, and it is characterized by an integer The problem is formulated as a harmonic map of Riemannian manifolds in which the integer equals the degree of the map."
"The Dvali–Gabadadze–Porrati brane-world model provides a possible approach to address the late-time cosmic acceleration. However, it has subsequently been pointed out that a ghost instability will arise on the self-accelerating branch. Here, we carefully investigate whether this ghost problem could be possibly cured by introducing the Gauss–Bonnet term in the five-dimensional bulk action, a natural generalization to the Dvali–Gabadadze–Porrati model. Our analysis is carried out for a background where a de Sitter brane is embedded in an anti–de Sitter bulk. Our result shows that the ghost excitations cannot be avoided even in this modified model."
"Consideration of vacuum polarization in quantum electrodynamics may affect the momentum dispersion relation for photons for a non-trivial background, due to the appearance of curvature dependent terms in the effective action. We investigate the effect of a positive cosmological constant on this at one-loop order for stationary -vacuum spacetimes. To the best of our knowledge, so far it only has been shown that affects the propagation in a time dependent black hole spacetime. Here we consider the static de Sitter cosmic string and the Kerr–de Sitter spacetime to show that there might occur a non-vanishing effect due to for physical polarizations. The consistency of these results with the polarization sum rule is discussed."
"We report on our findings modifying MCFM using OpenMP to implement multi-threading. By using OpenMP, the modified MCFM will execute on any processor, automatically adjusting to the number of available threads. We modified the integration routine VEGAS to distribute the event evaluation over the threads, while combining all events at the end of every iteration to optimize the numerical integration. Special care has been taken that the results of the Monte Carlo integration are independent of the number of threads used, to facilitate the validation of the OpenMP version of MCFM."
"We analyze the functional integral for quantum conformal gravity and show that, with the help of a Hubbard–Stratonovich transformation, the action can be broken into a local quadratic-curvature theory coupled to a scalar field. A one-loop effective-action calculation reveals that strong fluctuations of the metric field are capable of spontaneously generating a dimensionally transmuted parameter which, in the weak-field sector of the broken phase, induces a Starobinsky-type &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;)-model with a gravi-cosmological constant. A resulting non-trivial relation between Starobinsky’s parameter and the gravi-cosmological constant is highlighted and implications for cosmic inflation are briefly discussed and compared with the recent PLANCK and BICEP2 data."
"In this present work, we try to build up a cosmological model using a non-canonical scalar field within the framework of a spatially flat FRW space–time. In this context, we have considered four different parametrizations of the equation of state parameter of the non-canonical scalar field. Under this scenario, analytical solutions for various cosmological parameters have been found out. It has been found that the deceleration parameter shows a smooth transition from a positive value to some negative value which indicates that the universe was undergoing an early deceleration followed by late time acceleration which is essential for the structure formation of the universe. With these four parametrizations, the future evolution of the models are also discussed. It has been found that one of the models (Generalized Chaplygin gas model, GCG) mimics the concordance CDM in the near future, whereas two other models (CPL and JBP) diverge due to future singularity. Finally, we have studied these theoretical models with the latest datasets from SN Ia &lt;i&gt;H&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;) BAO/CMB."
"In this article, we calculate the form factors and the coupling constant of the vertex using the three-point QCD sum rules. We consider the contributions of the vacuum condensates up to dimension 7 in the operator product expansion. And all possible off-shell cases are considered, , and , resulting in three different form factors. Then we fit the form factors into analytical functions and extrapolate them into time-like regions, which giving the coupling constant for the process. Our analysis indicates that the coupling constant for this vertex is . The results of this work are very useful in the other phenomenological analysis. As an application, we calculate the coupling constant for the decay channel and analyze the width of this decay with the assumption of the vector meson dominance of the intermediate . Our final result about the decay width of this decay channel is ."
NaN
"We have studied primordial non-Gaussian features of a model of potential-driven single field DBI Galileon inflation. We have computed the bispectrum from the three-point correlation function considering all possible cross correlations between the scalar and tensor modes of the proposed setup. Further, we have computed the trispectrum from a four-point correlation function considering the contribution from contact interaction, and scalar and graviton exchange diagrams in the in–in picture. Finally we have obtained the non-Gaussian consistency conditions from the four-point correlator, which results in partial violation of the &lt;i&gt;Suyama–Yamaguchi&lt;i/&gt; four-point consistency relation. This further leads to the conclusion that sufficient primordial non-Gaussianities can be obtained from DBI Galileon inflation."
"We investigate the scalar perturbation produced at the pre-inflationary stage driven by a massive scalar field in Eddington-inspired Born–Infeld gravity. The scalar power spectrum exhibits a peculiar rise for low &lt;i&gt;k&lt;i/&gt;-modes. The tensor-to-scalar ratio can be significantly lowered compared with that in the standard chaotic inflation model in general relativity. This result is very affirmative considering the recent dispute on the detection of gravitational wave radiation between PLANCK and BICEP2."
"With the usual definitions for the entropy and the temperature associated with the apparent horizon, we show that the unified first law on the apparent horizon is equivalent to the Friedmann equation for the scalar–tensor theory with non-minimally derivative coupling. The second law of thermodynamics on the apparent horizon is also satisfied. The results support a deep and fundamental connection between gravitation, thermodynamics, and quantum theory."
"A pulse-shape discrimination method based on artificial neural networks was applied to pulses simulated for different background, signal and signal-like interactions inside a germanium detector. The simulated pulses were used to investigate variations of efficiencies as a function of used training set. It is verified that neural networks are well-suited to identify background pulses in true-coaxial high-purity germanium detectors. The systematic uncertainty on the signal recognition efficiency derived using signal-like evaluation samples from calibration measurements is estimated to be 5 %. This uncertainty is due to differences between signal and calibration samples."
"A search for the Standard Model Higgs boson produced in association with a top-quark pair, , is presented. The analysis uses 20.3 fb&lt;sup&gt;−1&lt;sup/&gt; of &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collision data at , collected with the ATLAS detector at the Large Hadron Collider during 2012. The search is designed for the decay mode and uses events containing one or two electrons or muons. In order to improve the sensitivity of the search, events are categorised according to their jet and &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-tagged jet multiplicities. A neural network is used to discriminate between signal and background events, the latter being dominated by +jets production. In the single-lepton channel, variables calculated using a matrix element method are included as inputs to the neural network to improve discrimination of the irreducible background. No significant excess of events above the background expectation is found and an observed (expected) limit of 3.4 (2.2) times the Standard Model cross section is obtained at 95 % confidence level. The ratio of the measured signal cross section to the Standard Model expectation is found to be assuming a Higgs boson mass of 125."
"We consider a cosmological model dominated by bulk viscous matter with a total bulk viscosity coefficient proportional to the velocity and acceleration of the expansion of the universe in such a way that We show that there exist two limiting conditions in the bulk viscous coefficients (, , ) which correspond to a universe having a Big Bang at the origin, followed by an early decelerated epoch and then making a smooth transition into an accelerating epoch. We have constrained the model using the type Ia Supernovae data, evaluated the best estimated values of all the bulk viscous parameters and the Hubble parameter corresponding to the two limiting conditions. We found that even though the evolution of the cosmological parameters are in general different for the two limiting cases, they show identical behavior for the best estimated values of the parameters from both limiting conditions. A recent acceleration would occur if for the first limiting conditions and if for the second limiting conditions. The age of the universe predicted by this model is found to be less than that predicted from the oldest galactic globular clusters. The total bulk viscosity seems to be negative in the past and becomes positive when . So the model violates the local second law of thermodynamics. However, the model satisfies the generalized second law of thermodynamics at the apparent horizon throughout the evolution of the universe. We also made a statefinder analysis of the model and found that it is distinguishably different from the standard CDM model at present, but it shows a de Sitter type behavior in the far future of the evolution."
"The noncommutative extension of the Sugawara construction for free massless fermionic fields in two dimensions is studied. We prove that the equivalence of the noncommutative Sugawara energy-momentum tensor and symmetric energy-momentum tensor persists in the noncommutative extension. Some relevant physical results of this equivalence are also discussed."
"Based on some ideas that have emerged from the classical Kaluza–Klein theory, we present a 5D universe as a product bundle over the 4D spacetime. This enables us to introduce and study two categories of kinematic quantities (expansions, shear, vorticity) in a 5D universe. One category is related to the fourth dimension (time), and the other one comes from the assumption of the existence of the fifth dimension. The Raychaudhuri type equations that we obtain in the paper, lead us to results on the evolution of both the 4D expansion and the 5D expansion in a 5D universe."
NaN
NaN
NaN
NaN
"We analyze the bounds on the Higgs pseudo-observables following from electroweak constraints, under the assumption that the Higgs particle is the massive excitation of an doublet. Using such bounds, detailed predictions for decay rates, dilepton spectra, and lepton-universality ratios are presented."
"We use currently available data of nonleptonic charmless 2-body decays () that are mediated by QCD- and QED-penguin operators to study weak annihilation and new-physics effects in the framework of QCD factorization. In particular we introduce one weak-annihilation parameter for decays related by quark interchange and test this universality assumption. Within the standard model, the data supports this assumption with the only exceptions in the system, which exhibits the well-known “ puzzle”, and some tensions in . Beyond the standard model, we simultaneously determine weak-annihilation and new-physics parameters from data, employing model-independent scenarios that address the “ puzzle”, such as QED-penguins and current-current operators. We discuss also possibilities that allow further tests of our assumption once improved measurements from LHCb and Belle II become available."
"Lee–Wick electrodynamics in the vicinity of a conducting plate is investigated. The propagator for the gauge field is calculated and the interaction between the plate and a point-like electric charge is computed. The boundary condition imposed on the vector field is taken to be the one that makes, on the plate, the normal component of the dual field strength to the plate vanish. It is shown that the image method is not valid in Lee–Wick electrodynamics."
"In this paper we consider matter fields in a gravitational background in order to compute the breaking of the conformal current at one-loop order. Standard perturbative calculations of conformal symmetry breaking expressed by the non-zero trace of the energy-momentum tensor have shown that some violating terms are regularization dependent, which may suggest the existence of spurious breaking terms in the anomaly. Therefore, we perform the calculation in a momentum space regularization framework in which regularization dependent terms are judiciously parametrized. We compare our results with those obtained in the literature and conclude that there is an unavoidable arbitrariness in the anomalous term ."
"A search for Higgs boson decays to invisible particles is performed using 20.3 of &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collision data at a centre-of-mass energy of 8 TeV recorded by the ATLAS detector at the Large Hadron Collider. The process considered is Higgs boson production in association with a vector boson ( or &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt;) that decays hadronically, resulting in events with two or more jets and large missing transverse momentum. No excess of candidates is observed in the data over the background expectation. The results are used to constrain &lt;i&gt;VH&lt;i/&gt; production followed by &lt;i&gt;H&lt;i/&gt; decaying to invisible particles for the Higgs boson mass range  GeV. The 95 % confidence-level observed upper limit on varies from 1.6 pb at 115 GeV to 0.13 pb at 300 GeV. Assuming Standard Model production and including the contribution as signal, the results also lead to an observed upper limit of 78 % at 95 % confidence level on the branching ratio of Higgs bosons decays to invisible particles at a mass of 125 GeV."
"The top-Yukawa-coupling enhanced two-loop corrections to the charged Higgs-boson mass in the real MSSM are presented. The contributing two-loop self-energies are calculated in the Feynman-diagrammatic approach in the gaugeless limit with vanishing external momentum and bottom mass, within a renormalization scheme comprising on-shell and conditions. Numerical results illustrate the effect of the  contributions and the importance of the two-loop corrections to the mass of the charged Higgs bosons."
"Measurements of the &lt;i&gt;ZZ&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;WW&lt;i/&gt; final states in the mass range above the and thresholds provide a unique opportunity to measure the off-shell coupling strength of the Higgs boson. This paper presents constraints on the off-shell Higgs boson event yields normalised to the Standard Model prediction (signal strength) in the , and final states. The result is based on &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collision data collected by the ATLAS experiment at the LHC, corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 20.3 fb at a collision energy of  TeV. Using the method, the observed 95  confidence level (CL) upper limit on the off-shell signal strength is in the range 5.1–8.6, with an expected range of 6.7–11.0. In each case the range is determined by varying the unknown and background K-factor from higher-order quantum chromodynamics corrections between half and twice the value of the known signal K-factor. Assuming the relevant Higgs boson couplings are independent of the energy scale of the Higgs boson production, a combination with the on-shell measurements yields an observed (expected) 95  CL upper limit on in the range 4.5–7.5 (6.5–11.2) using the same variations of the background K-factor. Assuming that the unknown background K-factor is equal to the signal K-factor, this translates into an observed (expected) 95  CL upper limit on the Higgs boson total width of 22.7 (33.0) MeV."
"A concentric charged thin-shell encircling a Reissner–Nordström black hole screens the electric/magnetic charge completely to match with an external Schwarzschild black hole. The negative mass thin-shell is shown to be stable against radial perturbations. It is shown further that by reversing the roles of inside Reissner–Nordström and outside Schwarzschild geometries the mass of the appropriate shell becomes positive."
"Field localization on 2-dim extra space is considered in the framework of &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity. It is shown that interference of the local matter energy distribution and the metric of the extra space forms a point-like defect—a 4-dim brane. The energy-momentum of the brane depends on the initial conditions, which could lead to an arbitrarily small cosmological term."
"The recently developed method (Paper 1) enabling one to investigate the evolution of dynamical systems with an accuracy not dependent on time is developed further. The classes of dynamical systems which can be studied by that method are much extended, now including systems that are: (1) non-Hamiltonian, conservative; (2) Hamiltonian with time-dependent perturbation; (3) non-conservative (with dissipation). These systems cover various types of N-body gravitating systems of astrophysical and cosmological interest, such as the orbital evolution of planets, minor planets, artificial satellites due to tidal, non-tidal perturbations and thermal thrust, evolving close binary stellar systems, and the dynamics of accretion disks."
NaN
NaN
"It is shown that rapidly-rotating Kerr black holes are characterized by the dimensionless ratio , where is the average time gap between the emissions of successive Hawking quanta and is the characteristic timescale required for an individual Hawking quantum to be emitted from the black hole. This relation implies that the Hawking cascade from rapidly-rotating black holes has an almost continuous character. Our results correct some inaccurate claims that recently appeared in the literature regarding the nature of the Hawking black-hole evaporation process."
"We study the and decays in the standard model and the family-non-universal model. Since none of the quarks in the final states is the same as the initial quark, these decay modes can occur only via power-suppressed annihilation diagrams. Despite the consistency of the standard model prediction with the available data, room remains for a light boson. Taking into account the contribution, we find that theoretical results for the branching fractions can better accommodate the data. With the relevant data, we also derive a constraint on the parameter space for the . Moreover, for , both the direct and the mixing-induced CP asymmetry are sensitive to the couplings between and fermions in the parameter spaces constrained by the data. The measurements at future experimental facilities, including the LHCb, Belle-II, and the proposed high energy collider, will provide us useful hints for direct searching for the light boson."
"We show that the Green’s functions in a non-linear gauge in the theory of perturbative quantum gravity is expressed as a series in terms of those in linear gauges. This formulation also holds for operator Green’s functions. We further derive the explicit relation between the Green’s functions in the theory of perturbative quantum gravity in a pair of arbitrary gauges. This process involves some sort of modified FFBRST transformations which are derivable from infinitesimal field-dependent BRST transformations."
"We consider finite-temperature &lt;i&gt;SU&lt;i/&gt;(2) gauge theory in the continuum formulation, which necessitates the choice of a gauge fixing. Choosing the Landau gauge, the existing gauge copies are taken into account by means of the Gribov–Zwanziger quantization scheme, which entails the introduction of a dynamical mass scale (Gribov mass) directly influencing the Green functions of the theory. Here, we determine simultaneously the Polyakov loop (vacuum expectation value) and Gribov mass in terms of temperature, by minimizing the vacuum energy w.r.t. the Polyakov-loop parameter and solving the Gribov gap equation. Inspired by the Casimir energy-style of computation, we illustrate the usage of Zeta function regularization in finite-temperature calculations. Our main result is that the Gribov mass directly feels the deconfinement transition, visible from a cusp occurring at the same temperature where the Polyakov loop becomes nonzero. In this exploratory work we mainly restrict ourselves to the original Gribov–Zwanziger quantization procedure in order to illustrate the approach and the potential direct link between the vacuum structure of the theory (dynamical mass scales) and (de)confinement. We also present a first look at the critical temperature obtained from the refined Gribov–Zwanziger approach. Finally, a particular problem for the pressure at low temperatures is reported."
"Stringent limits are set on the long-lived lepton-like sector of the phenomenological minimal supersymmetric standard model (pMSSM) and the anomaly-mediated supersymmetry breaking (AMSB) model. The limits are derived from the results presented in a recent search for long-lived charged particles in proton–proton collisions, based on data collected by the CMS detector at a centre-of-mass energy of 8 TeV at the Large Hadron Collider. In the pMSSM parameter sub-space considered, 95.9 % of the points predicting charginos with a lifetime of at least 10 ns are excluded. These constraints on the pMSSM are the first obtained at the LHC. Charginos with a lifetime greater than 100 ns and masses up to about 800 GeV in the AMSB model are also excluded. The method described can also be used to set constraints on other models."
"We model the physical behaviour at the surface of a relativistic radiating star in the strong gravity limit. The spacetime in the interior is taken to be spherically symmetrical and shear-free. The heat conduction in the interior of the star is governed by the geodesic motion of fluid particles and a non-vanishing radially directed heat flux. The local atmosphere in the exterior region is a two-component system consisting of standard pressureless (null) radiation and an additional null fluid with non-zero pressure and constant energy density. We analyse the generalised junction condition for the matter and gravitational variables on the stellar surface and generate an exact solution. We investigate the effect of the exterior energy density on the temporal evolution of the radiating fluid pressure, luminosity, gravitational redshift and mass flow at the boundary of the star. The influence of the density on the rate of gravitational collapse is also probed and the strong, dominant and weak energy conditions are also tested. We show that the presence of the additional null fluid has a significant effect on the dynamical evolution of the star."
"The implications of the shear-free condition on the instability range of an anisotropic fluid in &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) are studied in this manuscript. A viable &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) model is chosen to arrive at stability criterion, where &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt; is Ricci scalar and &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt; is the trace of energy-momentum tensor. The evolution of a spherical star is explored by employing a perturbation scheme on the modified field equations and contracted Bianchi identities in &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;). The effect of the imposed shear-free condition on the collapse equation and adiabatic index is studied in the Newtonian and post-Newtonian regimes."
"We here propose a 5-dimensional Abelian gauge model based on the mixing between a &lt;i&gt;U&lt;i/&gt;(1) potential and an Abelian 3-form field by means of a topological mass term. An extended covariant derivative is introduced to minimally couple a Dirac field to the &lt;i&gt;U&lt;i/&gt;(1) potential, while this same covariant derivative non-minimally couples the 3-form field to the charged fermion. A number of properties are discussed in 5D; in particular, the appearance of a topological fermionic current. A 4-dimensional reduced version of the model is investigated and, in addition to the &lt;i&gt;U&lt;i/&gt;(1) electric- and magnetic-sort of fields, there emerges an extra set of electric- and magnetic-like fields which contribute a negative pressure and may be identified as a possible fraction of dark energy. The role of the topological fermionic current is also contemplated upon dimensional reduction from 5D to 4D. Other issues we present in 4 space-time dimensions are the emergence of a pseudo-scalar massive particle, an extra massive neutral gauge boson, which we interpret as a kind of paraphoton, and the calculation of spin- and velocity-dependent interparticle potentials associated to the exchange of the intermediate bosonic fields of the model."
"The quantum dynamics of a spin-1/2 charged particle in the presence of a magnetic field is analyzed for the general case where scalar and vector couplings are considered. The energy spectra are explicitly computed for various physical situations, as well as their dependencies on the magnetic field strength, spin projection parameter, and vector and scalar coupling constants."
"The feasibility studies of the measurement of the central exclusive jet production at the LHC using the proton tagging technique are presented. In order to reach the low jet-mass region, single tagged events were considered. The studies were performed at the c.m. energy of 14 TeV and the ATLAS detector, but are also applicable for the CMS-TOTEM experiments. Four data-taking scenarios were considered: AFP and ALFA detectors as forward proton taggers and  m and  m optics. After the event selection, the signal-to-background ratio ranges between 5 and . Finally, the expected precision of the central exclusive dijet cross-section measurement for the data collection period of 100 h is estimated."
"Open charm hadrons with strange and non-strange mesons have been discovered in recent years. We study the spectra of several newly observed resonances by different collaborations like BaBar (del Amo Sanchez et al., Phys Rev D 82:111101, 2010) and LHCb (Aaij et al. [LHCb Collaboration], J High Energy Phys 1309:145, 2013) etc. Using an effective Lagrangian approach based on heavy quark symmetry and chiral dynamics, we explore the strong decay widths and branching ratios of various resonances and suggest their values. We try to fit the experimental data to find the coupling constants involved in the strong decays through pseudo-scalar mesons. The present work also discusses the possible spin–parity assignments of recently observed states by the LHCb Collaboration. The tentative assignment of the newly discovered state can be by natural parity states , while can be identified with unnatural parity states like . Therefore, the missing doublets 2&lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt;, 2&lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt;, 1&lt;i&gt;F&lt;i/&gt;, 2&lt;i&gt;P&lt;i/&gt;,  and 3&lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt; can be thought of as filled up with these states. We study the two-body strong decay widths and branching ratios of missing doublets and plot the branching ratios vs. the mass of the decaying particle. These plots are used to thoroughly analyze all assignments to and various possibilities for the values."
"Two searches for supersymmetric particles in final states containing a same-flavour opposite-sign lepton pair, jets and large missing transverse momentum are presented. The proton–proton collision data used in these searches were collected at a centre-of-mass energy  TeV by the ATLAS detector at the Large Hadron Collider and corresponds to an integrated luminosity of 20.3 fb. Two leptonic production mechanisms are considered: decays of squarks and gluinos with &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; bosons in the final state, resulting in a peak in the dilepton invariant mass distribution around the &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt;-boson mass; and decays of neutralinos (e.g. ), resulting in a kinematic endpoint in the dilepton invariant mass distribution. For the former, an excess of events above the expected Standard Model background is observed, with a significance of three standard deviations. In the latter case, the data are well-described by the expected Standard Model background. The results from each channel are interpreted in the context of several supersymmetric models involving the production of squarks and gluinos."
"Yang–Mills theory with a symmetry algebra that is the semidirect product defined by the coadjoint action of a Lie algebra on its dual is studied. The gauge group is the semidirect product , a noncompact group given by the coadjoint action on of the Lie group of . For simple, a method to construct the self–antiself dual instantons of the theory and their gauge nonequivalent deformations is presented. Every instanton has an embedded instanton with the same instanton charge, in terms of which the construction is realized. As an example, and instanton charge one is considered. The gauge group is in this case . Explicit expressions for the selfdual connection, the zero modes and the metric and complex structures of the moduli space are given."
"In this paper we constructed superloop space duality for a four dimensional supersymmetric Yang–Mills theory with supersymmetry. This duality reduces to the ordinary loop space duality for the ordinary Yang–Mills theory. It also reduces to the Hodge duality for an abelian gauge theory. Furthermore, the electric charges, which are the sources in the original theory, appear as monopoles in the dual theory. Whereas, the magnetic charges, which appear as monopoles in the original theory, become sources in the dual theory."
"We study the shadow of the Cardoso–Pani–Rico black hole for different values of the black hole spin , the deformation parameters and , and the viewing angle &lt;i&gt;i&lt;i/&gt;. We find that the main impact of the deformation parameter is the change of the size of the shadow, while the deformation parameter affects the shape of its boundary. In general, it is impossible to test the Kerr metric, because the shadow of a Kerr black hole can be reproduced quite well by a black hole with non-vanishing or . Deviations from the Kerr geometry could be constrained in the presence of high quality data and in the favorable case of a black hole with high values of and &lt;i&gt;i&lt;i/&gt;. However, the shadows of some black holes with non-vanishing present peculiar features and the possible detection of these shadows could unambiguously distinguish these objects from the standard Kerr black holes of general relativity."
"We generalize the duality between self-dual and Maxwell–Chern–Simons theories for the case of a CPT-even Lorentz-breaking extension of these theories. The duality is shown using the gauge embedding procedure, both in free and coupled cases, and with the master action approach. The physical spectra of both Lorentz-breaking theories are studied. The massive poles are shown to coincide and to respect the requirements for unitarity and causality at tree level. The extra massless poles which are present in the dualized model are shown to be nondynamical."
"We compute the energy dependence of the -integrated cross section of directly produced quarkonia in &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collisions at next-to-leading order (NLO), namely up to , within nonrelativistic QCD (NRQCD), treating the -&lt;i&gt;integrated&lt;i/&gt; and the -&lt;i&gt;differential&lt;i/&gt; cross sections as two different observables. The colour-octet NRQCD parameters needed to predict the -integrated yield can thus be extracted from the fits of the -differential cross sections at mid and large . For the first time, the total cross section is evaluated in NRQCD at full NLO accuracy using the recent NLO fits of the -differential yields. Both the normalisation and the energy dependence of the , and we obtained disagree with the data except when using the fit results of Butenschoen and Kniehl. If one disregards the colour-octet contribution, the existing data in the TeV range are well described by the contribution in the colour-singlet model – which, at , however, shows an unphysical energy dependence. A similar observation is made for . All this underlines the necessity for a resummation of initial-state radiations in both channels, which is, however, beyond the scope of this article. In any case, past claims that colour-octet transitions are dominantly responsible for low- quarkonium production are not supported by our results."
"We consider the propagation of strong gravitational waves interacting with a nonperturbative vacuum of spinor fields. To described the latter, we suggest an approximate model. The corresponding Einstein equation has the form of the Schrödinger equation. Its gravitational-wave solution is analogous to the solution of the Schrödinger equation for an electron moving in a periodic potential. The general solution for the periodic gravitational waves is found. The analog of the Kronig–Penney model for gravitational waves is considered. It is shown that the suggested gravitational-wave model permits the existence of weak electric charge and current densities concomitant with the gravitational wave. Based on this observation, a possible experimental verification of the model is suggested."
"The production of the state in proton-proton collisions is probed via its decay to the final state with the LHCb detector, in the rapidity range and in the meson transverse-momentum range . The cross-section for prompt production of mesons relative to the prompt cross-section is measured, for the first time, to be at a centre-of-mass energy using data corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 0.7 fb, and at using 2.0 fb. The uncertainties quoted are, in order, statistical, systematic, and that on the ratio of branching fractions of the and decays to the final state. In addition, the inclusive branching fraction of -hadron decays into mesons is measured, for the first time, to be , where the third uncertainty includes also the uncertainty on the inclusive branching fraction from -hadron decays. The difference between the and meson masses is determined to be ."
"We point out that a cold dark matter condensate made of gauge bosons from an extra hidden U(1) sector—dubbed hidden photons—can create a small, oscillating electric density current. Thus, they could also be searched for in the recently proposed LC-circuit setup conceived for axion cold dark matter search by Sikivie, Sullivan and Tanner. We estimate the sensitivity of this setup for hidden-photon cold dark matter and we find it could cover a sizable, so far unexplored parameter space."
"We present a study of the expected precision for the measurement of the top Yukawa coupling, , in collisions at a center-of-mass energy of 1 TeV. Independent analyses of final states containing at least six hadronic jets are performed, based on detailed simulations of SiD and ILD, the two candidate detector concepts for the ILC. We estimate that a statistical precision on of 4.5 % can be obtained with an integrated luminosity of 1 that is split equally between two configurations for the beam polarization , and . This estimate improves to if the 1 sample is assumed to be fully in the configuration."
"We investigate the sensitivity of the Large Hadron Collider to supersymmetric setups using monotop probes in which the signal is a single top quark produced in association with missing transverse energy. Our prospective study relies on Monte Carlo simulations of of proton–proton collisions at a centre-of-mass energy of 14 TeV and considers both leptonic and hadronic monotop decays. We present analysis strategies sensitive to regions of the supersymmetric parameter space which feature small superparticle mass splittings and illustrate their strengths in the context of a particular set of benchmark scenarios. Finally, we compare the regions of parameter space expected to be accessible with monotops probes during the next run of the LHC to the reach of more traditional search strategies employed by the ATLAS and CMS collaborations, where available."
"We discuss the potential for using neutron stars to determine bounds on the Higgs-Kretschmann coupling by looking at peculiar shifts in gamma-ray spectroscopic features. In particular, we reanalyze multiple lines observed in GRB781119 detected by two gamma-ray spectrometers, and derive an upper bound on the Higgs-Kretschmann coupling that is much more constraining than the one recently obtained from white dwarfs. This calls for targeted analyses of spectra of gamma-ray bursts from more recent observatories, dedicated searches for differential shifts on electron–positron and proton–antiproton annihilation spectra in proximity of compact sources, and signals of electron and proton cyclotron lines from the same neutron star."
"We consider distributions of unpolarized (polarized) quarks in unpolarized (polarized) hadrons. Our approach is based on QCD factorization. We begin with a study of the basic factorization for the parton–hadron scattering amplitudes in the forward kinematics and suggest a model for non-perturbative contributions to such amplitudes. This model is based on this simple observation: after emitting an active quark by the initial hadron, the remaining set of quarks and gluons becomes unstable, so a description of this colored state can approximately be done in terms of resonances, which leads to expressions of the Breit–Wigner type. Then we reduce these formulas to obtain explicit expressions for the quark–hadron scattering amplitudes and quark distributions in - and collinear factorizations."
"Relativistic collisions of light on heavy ions (p + Au at GeV, p + Au , d + Au ,He + Au at GeV and 200 GeV and p + Pb ,He + Pb at TeV) are simulated using “superSONIC”, a model that includes pre-equilibrium flow, viscous hydrodynamics and a hadronic cascade afterburner. Even though these systems have strong gradients and only consist of at most a few tens of charged particles per unit rapidity, one finds evidence that a hydrodynamic description applies to these systems. Based on these simulations, the presence of a triangular flow component in d + Au collisions at GeV is predicted to be similar in magnitude to that found in He + Au collisions. Furthermore, the ratio of He + Au to d + Au is found to be sensitive to the presence of pre-equilibrium flow. This would imply an experimentally accessible window into pre-equilibrium QCD dynamics using light-heavy-ion collisions."
"HERAFitter is an open-source package that provides a framework for the determination of the parton distribution functions (PDFs) of the proton and for many different kinds of analyses in Quantum Chromodynamics (QCD). It encodes results from a wide range of experimental measurements in lepton–proton deep inelastic scattering and proton–proton (proton–antiproton) collisions at hadron colliders. These are complemented with a variety of theoretical options for calculating PDF-dependent cross section predictions corresponding to the measurements. The framework covers a large number of the existing methods and schemes used for PDF determination. The data and theoretical predictions are brought together through numerous methodological options for carrying out PDF fits and plotting tools to help to visualise the results. While primarily based on the approach of collinear factorisation, HERAFitter also provides facilities for fits of dipole models and transverse-momentum dependent PDFs. The package can be used to study the impact of new precise measurements from hadron colliders. This paper describes the general structure of HERAFitter and its wide choice of options."
"This paper describes the trigger and offline reconstruction, identification and energy calibration algorithms for hadronic decays of tau leptons employed for the data collected from &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collisions in 2012 with the ATLAS detector at the LHC center-of-mass energy  . The performance of these algorithms is measured in most cases with decays to tau leptons using the full 2012 dataset, corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 20.3 fb. An uncertainty on the offline reconstructed tau energy scale of 2–4 %, depending on transverse energy and pseudorapidity, is achieved using two independent methods. The offline tau identification efficiency is measured with a precision of 2.5 % for hadronically decaying tau leptons with one associated track, and of 4 % for the case of three associated tracks, inclusive in pseudorapidity and for a visible transverse energy greater than 20 . For hadronic tau lepton decays selected by offline algorithms, the tau trigger identification efficiency is measured with a precision of 2–8 %, depending on the transverse energy. The performance of the tau algorithms, both offline and at the trigger level, is found to be stable with respect to the number of concurrent proton–proton interactions and has supported a variety of physics results using hadronically decaying tau leptons at ATLAS."
"This paper presents distributions of topological observables in inclusive three- and four-jet events produced in pp collisions at a centre-of-mass energy of 7 with a data sample collected by the CMS experiment corresponding to a luminosity of 5.1. The distributions are corrected for detector effects, and compared with several event generators based on two- and multi-parton matrix elements at leading order. Among the considered calculations, MadGraph interfaced with pythia6 displays the overall best agreement with data."
"We systematically study the renormalizable three-term polynomial inflation in the supersymmetric and non-supersymmetric models. The supersymmetric inflaton potentials can be realized in supergravity theory, and only have two independent parameters. We show that the general renormalizable supergravity model is equivalent to one kind of our supersymmetric models. We find that the spectral index and tensor-to-scalar ratio can be consistent with the Planck and BICEP2 results, but the running of spectral index is always out of the range. If we do not consider the BICEP2 experiment, these inflationary models can be highly consistent with the Planck observations and saturate its upper bound on the tensor-to-scalar ratio (). Thus, our models can be tested at the future Planck and QUBIC experiments."
"Astrophysical observations have put unprecedentedly tight constraints on cosmological theories. The CDM model, mathematically simple and fits observational data sets well, is preferred for explaining the behavior of universe. But many basic features of the dark sectors are still unknown, which leaves room for various nonstandard cosmological hypotheses. As the pressure of the cosmological constant dark energy is unvarying, ignoring contributions from radiation and curvature terms at low redshift, the effective pressure keeps constant. In this paper, we propose two parametric models for a non-constant effective pressure in order to study the tiny deviation from CDM at low redshift. We recover our phenomenological models in the scenarios of quintessence and phantom fields, and we explore the behavior of the scalar field and potential. We constrain our model parameters with SNe Ia and BAO observations, and we detect subtle hints of from the data-fitting results of both models, which indicates possibly a phantom dark energy scenario at present."
"Results of a search for new phenomena in final states with an energetic jet and large missing transverse momentum are reported. The search uses 20.3 fb of  TeV data collected in 2012 with the ATLAS detector at the LHC. Events are required to have at least one jet with  GeV and no leptons. Nine signal regions are considered with increasing missing transverse momentum requirements between  GeV and  GeV. Good agreement is observed between the number of events in data and Standard Model expectations. The results are translated into exclusion limits on models with either large extra spatial dimensions, pair production of weakly interacting dark matter candidates, or production of very light gravitinos in a gauge-mediated supersymmetric model. In addition, limits on the production of an invisibly decaying Higgs-like boson leading to similar topologies in the final state are presented."
"The inclusive cross section for production of a jet with a given transverse momentum off a heavy nucleus is derived in the BFKL framework with a running coupling on the basis of the bootstrap relation. The cross section depends on the same three different coupling constants as the total cross section unlike the cross section for gluon production derived in the dipole approach."
"We present an exact static, spherically symmetric black hole solution to the third-order Lovelock gravity with a string cloud background in seven dimensions for the special case when the second- and third-order Lovelock coefficients are related via . Further, we examine thermodynamic properties of this black hole to obtain exact expressions for mass, temperature, heat capacity and entropy, and also perform the thermodynamic stability analysis. We see that a string cloud background has a profound influence on the horizon structure, thermodynamic properties, and the stability of black holes. Interestingly the entropy of the black hole is unaffected due to the string cloud background. However, the critical solution for thermodynamic stability is affected by the string cloud background."
"The long-standing model-independent annual modulation effect measured by DAMA Collaboration is examined in the context of asymmetric mirror dark matter, assuming that dark atoms interact with target nuclei in the detector via kinetic mixing between mirror and ordinary photons, both being massless. The relevant ranges for the kinetic mixing parameter are obtained taking into account various existing uncertainties in nuclear and particle physics quantities as well as characteristic density and velocity distributions of dark matter in different halo models."
"We study physical processes around a rotating black hole in pure Gauss–Bonnet (GB) gravity. In pure GB gravity, the gravitational potential has a slower fall-off as compared to the corresponding Einstein potential in the same dimension. It is therefore expected that the energetics of a pure GB black hole would be weaker, and our analysis bears out that the efficiency of energy extraction by the Penroseprocess is increased to 25.8 % and the particle acceleration is increased to 55.28 %; the optical shadow of the black hole is decreased. These are in principle distinguishing observable features of a pure GB black hole."
"The inhomogeneous Bethe–Salpeter equation for an interacting system, composed of two massive scalars exchanging a massive scalar, is numerically investigated in the ladder approximation directly in Minkowski space, by using for the first time in the continuum an approach based on the Nakanishi integral representation. In this paper, the limiting case of zero-energy states is considered, thus extending an approach that has already been successfully applied to bound states. The numerical values of scattering lengths, are calculated for several values of the Yukawa coupling constant, by using two different integral equations that stem from the Nakanishi framework. Those low-energy observables are compared with (1) the analogous quantities recently obtained in literature, within a totally different framework, and (2) the non-relativistic evaluations, to illustrate the relevance of a nonperturbative, genuine field theoretical treatment in Minkowski space, even in the low-energy regime. Moreover, dynamical functions, like the Nakanishi weight functions and the distorted part of the zero-energy light-front wave functions are also presented. Interestingly, a highly non-trivial issue related to the abrupt change in the width of the support of the Nakanishi weight function, when the zero-energy limit is approached, is elucidated, ensuring a sound basis to the forthcoming evaluation of phase shifts."
"Axion production due to photon–axion mixing in tangled magnetic fields prior to the recombination epoch and magnetic field damping can generate cosmic microwave background (CMB) spectral distortions. In particular, the contribution of both processes to the CMB distortion in the case of resonant photon–axion mixing is studied. Assuming that the magnetic field power spectrum is approximated by a power law, with spectral index &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt;, it is shown that for magnetic field cut-off scales 172.5 pc  pc, the axion contribution to the CMB distortion is subdominant in comparison with magnetic field damping in the cosmological plasma. Using the COBE upper limit on and for the magnetic field scale  pc, a weaker limit in comparison with other studies on the magnetic field strength ( G) up to a factor 10 for the DFSZ axion model and axion mass  eV is found. A forecast for the expected sensitivity of PIXIE/PRISM on is also presented."
"The impact of recent measurements of heavy-flavour production in deep inelastic &lt;i&gt;ep&lt;i/&gt; scattering and in &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collisions on parton distribution functions is studied in a QCD analysis in the fixed-flavour number scheme at next-to-leading order. Differential cross sections of charm- and beauty-hadron production measured by LHCb are used together with inclusive and heavy-flavour production cross sections in deep inelastic scattering at HERA. The heavy-flavour data of the LHCb experiment impose additional constraints on the gluon and the sea-quark distributions at low partonic fractions &lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt; of the proton momentum, down to . This kinematic range is currently not covered by other experimental data in perturbative QCD fits."
"In this paper, we investigate coupled quintessence with scaling potential assuming specific forms of the coupling as &lt;i&gt;A&lt;i/&gt; namely, , and , and present phase space analysis for three different interacting models. We focus on the attractor solutions that can give rise to late time acceleration with of order unity in order to alleviate the coincidence problem."
"We study the phenomenological implications of the recent neutrino data for class B of two texture zeros and two vanishing cofactors for Majorana neutrinos in the flavor basis. We find that the classes () of two texture zeros and the classes () of two vanishing cofactors have similar predictions for neutrino oscillation parameters for the same mass hierarchy. Similar predictions for the classes () of two texture zeros and classes () of two vanishing cofactors are expected. However, a preference for a shift in the quadrant of the Dirac-type CP-violating phase () in contrast to the earlier analysis has been predicted for a relatively large value of the reactor neutrino mixing angle () for class B of two texture zeros and two vanishing cofactors for an inverted mass spectrum. No such shift in the quadrant of has been found for the normal mass spectrum."
"The precise physical mechanism describing the emergence of the seeds of cosmic structure from a perfect isotropic and homogeneous universe has not been fully explained by the standard version of inflationary models. To handle this shortcoming, D. Sudarsky and collaborators have developed a proposal: &lt;i&gt;the self-induced collapse hypothesis.&lt;i/&gt; In this scheme, the objective collapse of the inflaton wave function is responsible for the emergence of inhomogeneity and anisotropy at all scales. In previous papers, the proposal was developed with an almost exact de Sitter space-time approximation for the background that led to a perfect scale-invariant power spectrum. In the present article, we consider a full quasi-de Sitter expansion and calculate the primordial power spectrum for three different choices of the self-induced collapse. The consideration of a quasi-de Sitter background allows us to distinguish departures from an exact scale-invariant power spectrum that are due to the inclusion of the collapse hypothesis. These deviations are also different from the prediction of standard inflationary models with a running spectral index. A comparison with the primordial power spectrum and the CMB temperature fluctuation spectrum preferred by the latest observational data is also discussed. From the analysis performed in this work, it follows that most of the collapse schemes analyzed in this paper are viable candidates to explain the present observations of the CMB fluctuation spectrum."
"In this paper we study double vector meson production in interactions at high energies and estimate, using the color dipole picture, the main observables which can be probed at the International Linear Collider (ILC). The total cross sections for , , , and are computed and the energy and virtuality dependencies are studied in detail. Our results demonstrate that the experimental analysis of this process is feasible at the ILC and it can be useful to constrain the QCD dynamics at high energies."
"We evaluate quasinormal modes of a massive scalar field of the Ernst spacetime, an exact solution of the Einstein–Maxwell equations, describing a black hole immersed in a uniform magnetic field &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt;. It is well known that the quasinormal spectrum for a massive scalar field in the vicinity of the magnetized black holes acquires an effective mass , where &lt;i&gt;m&lt;i/&gt; is the azimuthal number and is the mass of scalar field. The numerical result shows that increasing of the field effective mass and the magnetic field &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt; gives rise to decreasing of the imaginary part of the quasinormal modes until reaching a vanishing damping rate."
"Having great accuracy in the range and range rate measurements, the GRACE mission and the planed GRACE follow on mission can in principle be employed to place strong constraints on certain relativistic gravitational theories. In this paper, we work out the range observable of the non-dynamical Chern–Simons modified gravity for the satellite-to-satellite tracking (SST) measurements. We find out that a characteristic time accumulating range signal appears in non-dynamical Chern–Simons gravity, which has no analogue found in the standard parity-preserving metric theories of gravity. The magnitude of this Chern–Simons range signal will reach a few times of  cm for each free flight of these SST missions, here is the dimensionless post-Newtonian parameter of the non-dynamical Chern–Simons theory. Therefore, with the 12 years data of the GRACE mission, one expects that the mass scale of the non-dynamical Chern–Simons gravity could be constrained to be larger than  eV. For the GRACE FO mission that scheduled to be launched in 2017, the much stronger bound that  eV is expected."
"In this article we consider the static spherically symmetric metric of embedding class 1. When solving the Einstein–Maxwell field equations we take into account the presence of ordinary baryonic matter together with the electric charge. Specific new charged stellar models are obtained where the solutions are entirely dependent on the electromagnetic field, such that the physical parameters, like density, pressure etc. do vanish for the vanishing charge. We systematically analyze altogether the three sets of Solutions I, II, and III of the stellar models for a suitable functional relation of . However, it is observed that only the Solution I provides a physically valid and well-behaved situation, whereas the Solutions II and III are not well behaved and hence not included in the study. Thereafter it is exclusively shown that the Solution I can pass through several standard physical tests performed by us. To validate the solution set presented here a comparison has also been made with that of the compact stars, like , , , , and , and we have shown the feasibility of the models."
"A small tensor-to-scalar ratio &lt;i&gt;r&lt;i/&gt; may lead to distinctive phenomenology of high-scale supersymmetry. Assuming the same origin of SUSY breaking between the inflation and visible sector, we show model independent features. The simplest hybrid inflation, together with a new linear term for the inflaton field which is induced by a large gravitino mass, is shown to be consistent with all experimental data for &lt;i&gt;r&lt;i/&gt; of order . For superpartner masses far above the weak scale we find that the reheating temperature after inflation might be below the value required by thermal leptogenesis if the inflaton decays to its products perturbatively, but above it if the decay is non-perturbatively instead. Remarkably, the gravitino overproduction can be evaded in such high-scale supersymmetry because of the kinematically blocking effect."
"The search for di-Higgs production at the LHC in order to set limits on the Higgs trilinear coupling and constraints on new physics is one of the main motivations for the LHC high-luminosity phase. Recent experimental analyses suggest that such analyses will only be successful if information from a range of channels is included. We therefore investigate di-Higgs production in association with two hadronic jets and give a detailed discussion of both the gluon- and the weak boson-fusion (WBF) contributions, with a particular emphasis on the phenomenology with modified Higgs trilinear and quartic gauge couplings. We perform a detailed investigation of the full hadronic final state and find that &lt;i&gt;hhjj&lt;i/&gt; production should add sensitivity to a di-Higgs search combination at the HL-LHC with 3 . Since the WBF and GF contributions are sensitive to different sources of physics beyond the Standard Model, we devise search strategies to disentangle and isolate these production modes. While gluon fusion remains non-negligible in WBF-type selections, sizeable new physics contributions to the latter can still be constrained. As an example of the latter point we investigate the sensitivity that can be obtained for a measurement of the quartic Higgs–gauge boson couplings."
"We consider the possibility of a gravitationally induced particle production through the mechanism of a nonminimal curvature–matter coupling. An interesting feature of this gravitational theory is that the divergence of the energy–momentum tensor is nonzero. As a first step in our study we reformulate the model in terms of an equivalent scalar–tensor theory, with two arbitrary potentials. By using the formalism of open thermodynamic systems, we interpret the energy balance equations in this gravitational theory from a thermodynamic point of view, as describing irreversible matter creation processes. The particle number creation rates, the creation pressure, and the entropy production rates are explicitly obtained as functions of the scalar field and its potentials, as well as of the matter Lagrangian. The temperature evolution laws of the newly created particles are also obtained. The cosmological implications of the model are briefly investigated, and it is shown that the late-time cosmic acceleration may be due to particle creation processes. Furthermore, it is also shown that due to the curvature–matter coupling, during the cosmological evolution a large amount of comoving entropy is also produced."
"We show how leading radiative corrections can be implemented in the general description of decays by means of pseudo observables (PO). With the inclusion of such corrections, the PO description of decays can be matched to next-to-leading-order electroweak calculations both within and beyond the Standard Model (SM). In particular, we demonstrate that with the inclusion of such corrections the complete next-to-leading-order SM prediction for the dilepton mass spectrum is recovered within accuracy. The impact of radiative corrections for non-standard PO is also briefly discussed."
"I put forward a qualitatively new dynamical mechanism for solving the electroweak hierarchy problem that does not require new physics at the electroweak scale. I argue that the infrared fluctuations of the gravitational field may provide a partial screening of the Higgs mass, similar to the infrared screening of the electric charge in quantum electrodynamics."
"It is thought that the spacetime geometry around black hole candidates is described by the Kerr solution, but an observational confirmation is still missing. Today, the continuum-fitting method and the analysis of the iron K line cannot unambiguously test the Kerr paradigm because of the degeneracy among the parameters of the system, in the sense that it is impossible with current X-ray data to distinguish a Kerr black hole from a non-Kerr object with different values of the model parameters. In this paper, we study the possibility of testing the Kerr nature of black hole candidates with X-ray spectropolarimetric measurements. Within our simplified model that does not include the effect of returning radiation, we find that it is impossible to test the Kerr metric and the problem is still the strong correlation between the spin and possible deviations from the Kerr geometry. Moreover, the correlation is very similar to that of the other two techniques, which makes the combination of different measurements not very helpful. Nevertheless, our results cannot be taken as conclusive and, in order to arrive at a final answer, the effect of returning radiation should be properly taken into account."
"We present results of global fits of all relevant experimental data on rare decays. We observe significant tensions between the Standard Model predictions and the data. After critically reviewing the possible sources of theoretical uncertainties, we find that within the Standard Model, the tensions could be explained if there are unaccounted hadronic effects much larger than our estimates. Assuming hadronic uncertainties are estimated in a sufficiently conservative way, we discuss the implications of the experimental results on new physics, both model independently as well as in the context of the minimal supersymmetric standard model and models with flavour-changing bosons. We discuss in detail the violation of lepton-flavour universality as hinted by the current data and make predictions for additional lepton-flavour-universality tests that can be performed in the future. We find that the ratio of the forward–backward asymmetries in and at low dilepton invariant mass is a particularly sensitive probe of lepton flavour universality and allows to distinguish between different new physics scenarios that give the best description of the current data."
"We point out a weak side of the commonly used determination of scalar cosmological perturbations lying in the fact that their average values can be nonzero for some matter distributions. It is shown that introduction of the finite-range gravitational potential instead of the infinite-range one resolves this problem. The concrete illustrative density profile is investigated in detail in this connection."
"A consistent BPS formalism to study the existence of topological axially symmetric vortices in generalized versions of the Born–Infeld–Higgs electrodynamics is implemented. Such a generalization modifies the field dynamics via the introduction of three nonnegative functions depending only in the Higgs field, namely, , , and . A set of first-order differential equations is attained when these functions satisfy a constraint related to the Ampère law. Such a constraint allows one to minimize the system’s energy in such way that it becomes proportional to the magnetic flux. Our results provides an enhancement of the role of topological vortex solutions in Born–Infeld–Higgs electrodynamics. Finally, we analyze a set of models entailing the recovery of a generalized version of Maxwell–Higgs electrodynamics in a certain limit of the theory."
"We present a simulation study of the prospects for the mass measurement of TeV-scale light-flavored right-handed squarks at a 3 TeV collider based on CLIC technology. In the considered model, these particles decay into their standard-model counterparts and the lightest neutralino, resulting in a signature of two jets plus missing energy. The analysis is based on full GEANT4 simulations of the CLIC_ILD detector concept, including Standard Model physics backgrounds and beam-induced hadronic backgrounds from two-photon processes. The analysis serves as a generic benchmark for the reconstruction of highly energetic jets in events with substantial missing energy. Several jet finding algorithms were evaluated, with the longitudinally invariant algorithm showing a high degree of robustness towards beam-induced background while preserving the features typically found in algorithms developed for collisions. The presented study of the reconstruction of light-flavored squarks shows that for TeV-scale squark masses, sub-percent accuracy on the mass measurement can be achieved at CLIC."
"We evaluate the Hadamard function and the vacuum expectation value (VEV) of the current density for a charged scalar field, induced by flat boundaries in spacetimes with an arbitrary number of toroidally compactified spatial dimensions. The field operator obeys the Robin conditions on the boundaries and quasiperiodicity conditions with general phases along compact dimensions. In addition, the presence of a constant gauge field is assumed. The latter induces Aharonov–Bohm-type effect on the VEVs. There is a region in the space of the parameters in Robin boundary conditions where the vacuum state becomes unstable. The stability condition depends on the lengths of compact dimensions and is less restrictive than that for background with trivial topology. The vacuum current density is a periodic function of the magnetic flux, enclosed by compact dimensions, with the period equal to the flux quantum. It is explicitly decomposed into the boundary-free and boundary-induced contributions. In sharp contrast to the VEVs of the field squared and the energy-momentum tensor, the current density does not contain surface divergences. Moreover, for Dirichlet condition it vanishes on the boundaries. The normal derivative of the current density on the boundaries vanish for both Dirichlet and Neumann conditions and is nonzero for general Robin conditions. When the separation between the plates is smaller than other length scales, the behavior of the current density is essentially different for non-Neumann and Neumann boundary conditions. In the former case, the total current density in the region between the plates tends to zero. For Neumann boundary condition on both plates, the current density is dominated by the interference part and is inversely proportional to the separation."
"We investigate unitarity within the complex-mass scheme, a convenient universal scheme for perturbative calculations involving unstable particles in quantum field theory which guarantees exact gauge invariance. Since this scheme requires one to introduce complex masses and complex couplings, the Cutkosky cutting rules, which express perturbative unitarity in theories of stable particles, are no longer valid. We derive corresponding rules for scalar theories with unstable particles based on Veltman’s largest-time equation and prove unitarity in this framework."
"We compute the decays and with finite masses for the &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;c&lt;i/&gt; quarks. We first discuss the spectral properties of both the &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt; meson as a function of its momentum and the and at rest. We compute the theoretical formulae leading to the decay amplitudes from the three-point and two-point correlators. We then compute the amplitudes at zero recoil of , which turns out not to be vanishing contrary to what happens in the heavy quark limit. This opens the possibility to get better agreement with experiment. To improve the continuum limit we have added a set of data with smaller lattice spacing. The vanishes at zero recoil and we show a convincing signal but only slightly more than 1 sigma from 0. In order to reach quantitatively significant results we plan to exploit fully smaller lattice spacings as well as another lattice regularisation."
"The difference between the electromagnetic self-energies of proton and neutron can be calculated with the Cottingham formula, which expresses the self-energies as an integral over the electroproduction cross sections – provided the nucleon matrix elements of the current commutator do not contain a fixed pole. We show that, under the same proviso, the subtraction function occurring in the dispersive representation of the virtual Compton forward scattering amplitude is determined by the cross sections. The representation in particular leads to a parameter-free sum rule for the nucleon polarisabilities. We evaluate the sum rule for the difference between the electric polarisabilities of proton and neutron by means of the available parameterisations of the data and compare the result with experiment."
"For the Standard Model extended with a real scalar singlet field, the modification of the heavy Higgs signal due to interference with the continuum background and the off-shell light Higgs contribution is studied for lepton processes at the Large Hadron Collider. Interference effects can range from to effects for integrated cross sections. Despite a strong cancellation between the heavy Higgs–continuum and the heavy Higgs–light Higgs interference, the full interference is clearly non-negligible and modifies the heavy Higgs line shape. A cut mitigates interference effects to or less. A public program that allows one to simulate the full interference is presented."
"An overview of the flavour problem is presented, with emphasis on the theoretical efforts to find a satisfactory description of the fermion masses and the mixing angles."
"We investigate the fragmentation instability of hairy black holes in the theory with a Gauss–Bonnet (GB) term in asymptotically flat spacetime. Our approach is through the non-perturbative fragmentation instability. By this approach, we investigate whether the initial black hole can be broken into two black holes by comparing the entropy of the initial black hole with the sum of those of two fragmented black holes. The relation between the black hole instability and the GB coupling with dilaton hair are presented. We describe the phase diagrams with respect to the mass of the black hole solutions and coupling constants. We find that a perturbatively stable black hole can be unstable under fragmentation."
"A comprehensive review of physics at an linear collider in the energy range of  GeV–3 TeV is presented in view of recent and expected LHC results, experiments from low-energy as well as astroparticle physics. The report focusses in particular on Higgs-boson, top-quark and electroweak precision physics, but also discusses several models of beyond the standard model physics such as supersymmetry, little Higgs models and extra gauge bosons. The connection to cosmology has been analysed as well."
NaN
"We develop a methodology for the construction of a Hessian representation of Monte Carlo sets of parton distributions, based on the use of a subset of the Monte Carlo PDF replicas as an unbiased linear basis, and of a genetic algorithm for the determination of the optimal basis. We validate the methodology by first showing that it faithfully reproduces a native Monte Carlo PDF set (NNPDF3.0), and then, that if applied to Hessian PDF set (MMHT14) which was transformed into a Monte Carlo set, it gives back the starting PDFs with minimal information loss. We then show that, when applied to a large Monte Carlo PDF set obtained as combination of several underlying sets, the methodology leads to a Hessian representation in terms of a rather smaller set of parameters (MC-H PDFs), thereby providing an alternative implementation of the recently suggested Meta-PDF idea and a Hessian version of the recently suggested PDF compression algorithm (CMC-PDFs). The mc2hessian conversion code is made publicly available together with (through LHAPDF6) a Hessian representations of the NNPDF3.0 set, and the MC-H PDF set."
"Recently, a family of interesting analytical brane solutions were found in &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity with in Bazeia et al. (Phys Lett B 729:127 2014). In these solutions, the inner brane structure can be turned on by tuning the value of the parameter . In this paper, we investigate how the parameter affects the localization and the quasilocalization of the tensorial gravitons around these solutions. It is found that, in a range of , despite the brane having an inner structure, there is no graviton resonance. However, in some other regions of the parameter space, although the brane has no internal structure, the effective potential for the graviton Kaluza–Klein (KK) modes has a singular structure, and there exist a series of graviton resonant modes. The contribution of the massive graviton KK modes to Newton’s law of gravity is discussed briefly."
"We study to which extent SUSY extensions of the Standard Model can describe the excess of events of 3.0 standard deviations observed by ATLAS in the on-&lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; signal region, respecting constraints by CMS on similar signal channels as well as constraints from searches for jets and . GMSB-like scenarios are typically in conflict with these constraints, and do not reproduce well the shape of the distribution of the data. An alternative scenario with two massive neutralinos can improve fits to the total number of events as well as to the and distributions. Such a scenario can be realised within the NMSSM."
"The production of the Standard Model Higgs boson in association with a vector boson, followed by the dominant decay to , is a strong prospect for confirming and measuring the coupling to &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-quarks in &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collisions at  TeV. We present an updated study of the prospects for this analysis, focussing on the most sensitive highly Lorentz-boosted region. The evolution of the efficiency and composition of the signal and main background processes as a function of the transverse momentum of the vector boson are studied covering the region 200–1000 GeV, comparing both a conventional dijet and jet substructure selection. The lower transverse momentum region (200–400 GeV) is identified as the most sensitive region for the Standard Model search, with higher transverse momentum regions not improving the statistical sensitivity. For much of the studied region (200–600 GeV), a conventional dijet selection performs as well as the substructure approach, while for the highest transverse momentum regions (600 GeV), which are particularly interesting for Beyond the Standard Model and high luminosity measurements, the jet substructure techniques are essential."
"Massive QED, in contrast with its massless counterpart, possesses two conserved charges; one is a screened (vanishing) Maxwell charge which is directly associated with the massive vector mesons through the identically conserved Maxwell current, while the presence of a particle-antiparticle counting charge depends on the matter. A somewhat peculiar situation arises for couplings of Hermitian matter fields to massive vector potentials; in that case the only current is the screened Maxwell current and the coupling disappears in the massless limit. In the case of self-interacting massive vector mesons the situation becomes even more peculiar in that the usually renormalizability guaranteeing validity of the first order power-counting criterion breaks down in second order and requires the compensatory presence of additional Hermitian &lt;i&gt;H&lt;i/&gt;-fields. Some aspect of these observation have already been noticed in the BRST gauge theoretic formulation, but here we use a new setting based on string-local vector mesons which is required by Hilbert space positivity (“off-shell unitarity”). This new formulation explains why spontaneous symmetry breaking cannot occur in the presence of higher spin  fields. The coupling to &lt;i&gt;H&lt;i/&gt;-fields induces Mexican hat-like self-interactions; they are not imposed and bear no relation with spontaneous symmetry breaking; they are rather consequences of the foundational causal localization properties realized in a Hilbert space setting. In the case of self-interacting massive vector mesons their presence is required in order to maintain the first order power-counting restriction of renormalizability also in second order. The presentation of the new Hilbert space setting for vector mesons which replaces gauge theory and extends on-shell unitarity to its off-shell counterpart is the main motivation for this work. The new Hilbert space setting also shows that the second order Lie-algebra structure of self-interacting vector mesons is a consequence of the principles of QFT and promises a deeper understanding of the origin of confinement."
"We explore a fermionic dark matter model with a possible extension of Standard Model of particle physics into two Higgs doublet model. Higgs doublets couple to the singlet fermionic dark matter through a non-renormalisable coupling providing a new physics scale. We explore the viability of such dark matter candidate and constrain the model parameter space by collider serach, relic density of DM, direct detection measurements of DM-nucleon scattering cross-section and with the experimentally obtained results from indirect search of dark matter."
"Leading-twist operators have a remarkable property that their divergence vanishes in a free theory. Recently it was suggested that this property can be used for an alternative technique to calculate anomalous dimensions of leading-twist operators and allows one to gain one order in perturbation theory so that, i.e., two-loop anomalous dimensions can be calculated from one-loop Feynman diagrams, etc. In this work we study the feasibility of this program by a toy-model example of the theory in six dimensions. Our conclusion is that this approach is valid, although it does not seem to present considerable technical simplifications as compared to the standard technique. It does provide one, however, with a very nontrivial check of the calculation as the structure of the contributions is very different."
"A search for heavy long-lived multi-charged particles is performed using the ATLAS detector at the LHC. Data collected in 2012 at  TeV from &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collisions corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 20.3 fbare examined. Particles producing anomalously high ionisation, consistent with long-lived massive particles with electric charges from to are searched for. No signal candidate events are observed, and 95 % confidence level cross-section upper limits are interpreted as lower mass limits for a Drell–Yan production model. The mass limits range between 660 and 785 GeV."
"Bose–Einstein correlations of like-sign charged hadrons produced in deep-inelastic electron and positron scattering are studied in the HERMES experiment using nuclear targets of H, H, He, He, N, Ne, Kr, and Xe. A Gaussian approach is used to parametrize a two-particle correlation function determined from events with at least two charged hadrons of the same sign charge. This correlation function is compared to two different empirical distributions that do not include the Bose–Einstein correlations. One distribution is derived from unlike-sign hadron pairs, and the second is derived from mixing like-sign pairs from different events. The extraction procedure used simulations incorporating the experimental setup in order to correct the results for spectrometer acceptance effects, and was tested using the distribution of unlike-sign hadron pairs. Clear signals of Bose–Einstein correlations for all target nuclei without a significant variation with the nuclear target mass are found. Also, no evidence for a dependence on the invariant mass &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; of the photon-nucleon system is found when the results are compared to those of previous experiments."
"We study the radiative leptonic decays in nonrelativistic QCD effective field theory, and we explore the contribution from a fast-moving photon. As a result, interactions between the photon and the heavy quarks can be integrated out, resulting in the factorization formula for the decay amplitude. We calculate not only the relevant short-distance coefficients at leading order and next-to-leading order in , but also the nonrelativistic corrections at the order in our analysis. We find that the QCD corrections can significantly decrease the branching ratio, and this is of great importance in extracting the long-distance operator matrix elements of . For phenomenological application, we present our results for the photon energy, lepton energy and lepton-neutrino invariant mass distribution."
"In this article, we study the charmed baryon states and with the spin-parity by subtracting the contributions from the corresponding charmed baryon states with the spin-parity using the QCD sum rules, and suggest a formula with the effective mass to determine the energy scales of the QCD spectral densities, and make reasonable predictions for the masses and pole residues. The numerical results indicate that the and have at least two remarkable under-structures."
"To identify the nature of the newly observed charged resonance , we study its hadronic decays and as a charmonium-like tetraquark state. In the framework of the QCD sum rules, we calculate the three-point functions and extract the coupling constants and decay widths for these interaction vertices. Including all these channels, the full decay width of the state is consistent with the experimental value reported by the Belle Collaboration, supporting the tetraquark interpretation of this state."
"When Morris and Thorne first proposed that traversable wormholes may be actual physical objects, they concentrated on the geometry by specifying the shape and redshift functions. This mathematical approach necessarily raises questions regarding the determination of the required stress-energy tensor. This paper discusses a natural way to obtain a complete wormhole solution by assuming that the wormhole (1) is supported by generalized Chaplygin gas and (2) admits conformal Killing vectors."
"By detecting redshift drift in the spectra of the Lyman- forest of distant quasars, the Sandage–Loeb (SL) test directly measures the expansion of the universe, covering the “redshift desert” of . Thus this method is definitely an important supplement to the other geometric measurements and will play a crucial role in cosmological constraints. In this paper, we quantify the ability of the SL test signal by a CODEX-like spectrograph for constraining interacting dark energy. Four typical interacting dark energy models are considered: (i) , (ii) , (iii) , and (iv) . The results show that for all the considered interacting dark energy models, relative to the current joint SN  BAO  CMB   observations, the constraints on and would be improved by about 60 and 30–40 %, while the constraints on &lt;i&gt;w&lt;i/&gt; and would be slightly improved, with a 30-year observation of the SL test. We also explore the impact of the SL test on future joint geometric observations. In this analysis, we take the model with as an example, and we simulate future SN and BAO data based on the space-based project WFIRST. We find that with the future geometric constraints, the redshift drift observations would help break the geometric degeneracies in a meaningful way, thus the measurement precisions of , , &lt;i&gt;w&lt;i/&gt;, and could be substantially improved using future probes."
"A Higgs field of particle physics can play the role of the inflaton in the early universe if it is non-minimally coupled to gravity. The Higgs inflation scenario predicts a small tensor to scalar ratio: . Although this value is consistent with the upper bound given by the BICEP2/&lt;i&gt;Keck Array&lt;i/&gt; and Planck data, it is not at their maximum likelihood point: . Inflationary observables depend not only on the inflationary models, but they also depend on the initial conditions of inflation. Changing the initial state of inflation can improve the value of &lt;i&gt;r&lt;i/&gt;. In this work, we study the Higgs inflation model under general initial conditions and show that there is a subset of these general initial conditions which leads to enhancement of &lt;i&gt;r&lt;i/&gt;. Then we show that this region of parameter space is consistent with a non-Gaussianity bound."
"This manuscript is devoted to the investigation of the Bianchi type &lt;i&gt;I&lt;i/&gt; universe in the context of &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity. For this purpose, we explore the exact solutions of locally rotationally symmetric Bianchi type &lt;i&gt;I&lt;i/&gt; spacetime. The modified field equations are solved by assuming an expansion scalar proportional to the shear scalar , which gives , where &lt;i&gt;A&lt;i/&gt;,  &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt; are the metric coefficients and &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt; is an arbitrary constant. In particular, three solutions have been found and physical quantities are calculated in each case."
"Next-generation experiments searching for neutrinoless double-beta decay must be sensitive to a Majorana neutrino mass as low as 10. CUORE , an array of 988 TeO bolometers being commissioned at Laboratori Nazionali del Gran Sasso, features an expected sensitivity of 50–130 at 90 % C.L. The background is expected to be dominated by radioactivity, and can be in principle removed by detecting the small amount of Cherenkov  light emitted by the signal. The Cryogenic wide-Area Light Detectors with Excellent Resolution project aims at developing a small prototype experiment consisting of TeO bolometers coupled to high-sensitivity light detectors based on kinetic inductance detectors. The R&amp;D is focused on the light detectors in view of the implementation in a next-generation neutrinoless double-beta decay experiment."
"The cryogenic dark matter experiment CRESST-II aims at the direct detection of WIMPs via elastic scattering off nuclei in scintillating CaWO crystals. We present a new, highly improved, detector design installed in the current run of CRESST-II Phase 2 with an efficient active rejection of surface-alpha backgrounds. Using CaWO sticks instead of metal clamps to hold the target crystal, a detector housing with fully-scintillating inner surface could be realized. The presented detector (TUM40) provides an excellent threshold of  keV and a resolution of  keV (at 2.60 keV). With significantly reduced background levels, TUM40 sets stringent limits on the spin-independent WIMP-nucleon scattering cross section and probes a new region of parameter space for WIMP masses below 3 GeV/c. In this paper, we discuss the novel detector design and the surface-alpha event rejection in detail."
"Mass spectra of the dimesonic (meson–antimeson) molecular states are computed using the Hellmann potential in a variational approach, which consists of a relativistic correction to the kinetic energy term as well as to the potential energy term. For the study of a molecular bound state system, the Hellmann potential, of the form , is being used. The one pion exchange potential is also incorporated in the mass calculation. The digamma decay width and decay width of the dimesonic system are evaluated using the wave function. The experimental states such as , , , , , , , , , and are compared with dimesonic states. Many of these states (masses and their decay properties) are close to our theoretical predictions."
"We present a new parton-shower algorithm. Borrowing from the basic ideas of dipole cascades, the evolution variable is judiciously chosen as the transverse momentum in the soft limit. This leads to a very simple analytic structure of the evolution. A weighting algorithm is implemented that allows one to consistently treat potentially negative values of the splitting functions and the parton distributions. We provide two independent, publicly available implementations for the two event generators Pythia and Sherpa."
"Based on a correction from instanton–gluon interference to the correlation function, the properties of the pseudoscalar glueball are investigated in a family of finite-width Gaussian sum rules. In the framework of a semiclassical expansion for quantum chromodynamics in the instanton liquid background, the contribution arising from the interference between instantons and the quantum gluon fields is calculated, and it is included in the correlation function together with a pure-classical contribution from instantons and the perturbative one. The interference contribution turns out to be gauge-invariant, to be free from an infrared divergence, and to have a great role to play in restoring the positivity of the spectra of the full correlation function. The negligible contribution from vacuum condensates is excluded in our correlation function to avoid double counting. Instead of the usual zero-width approximation for the resonances, the usual Breit–Wigner form with a suitable threshold behavior for the spectral function of the finite-width resonances is adopted. Consistency between the subtracted and unsubtracted sum rules is very well justified. The values of the mass, decay width, and coupling constants for the resonance in which the glueball fraction is dominant are obtained, and they agree with the phenomenological analysis."
"We carry out ADM splitting in the Lagrangian formulation and establish a procedure in which (almost) all of the unphysical components of the metric are removed by using the 4D diffeomorphism and the measure-zero 3D symmetry. The procedure introduces a constraint that corresponds to the Hamiltonian constraint of the Hamiltonian formulation, and its solution implies that the 4D dynamics admits an effective description through 3D hypersurface physics. As far as we can see, our procedure implies potential renormalizability of the ADM formulation of 4D Einstein gravity for which a complete gauge-fixing in the ADM formulation and hypersurface foliation of geometry are the key elements. If true, this implies that the alleged unrenormalizability of 4D Einstein gravity may be due to the presence of the unphysical fields. The procedure can straightforwardly be applied to quantization around a flat background; the Schwarzschild case seems more subtle. We discuss a potential limitation of the procedure when applying it to explicit time-dependent backgrounds."
"Recent measurements of the &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt;-boson charge asymmetry and of the &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt;-boson production cross sections, performed at the Tevatron collider in Run II by the D0 and CDF collaborations, are studied using the HERAFitter framework to assess their impact on the proton parton distribution functions (PDFs). The Tevatron measurements, together with deep-inelastic scattering data from HERA, are included in a QCD analysis performed at next-to-leading order, and compared to the predictions obtained using other PDF sets from different groups. Good agreement between measurements and theoretical predictions is observed. The Tevatron data provide significant constraints on the &lt;i&gt;d&lt;i/&gt;-valence quark distribution."
"Inspired by large applications of topological defects in describing different phenomena in physics, and considering the importance of three dimensional solutions in AdS/CFT correspondence, in this paper we obtain magnetic anti-de Sitter solutions of nonlinear electromagnetic fields. We take into account three classes of nonlinear electrodynamic models; first two classes are the well-known Born–Infeld like models including logarithmic and exponential forms and third class is known as the power Maxwell invariant nonlinear electrodynamics. We investigate the effects of these nonlinear sources on three dimensional magnetic solutions. We show that these asymptotical AdS solutions do not have any curvature singularity and horizon. We also generalize the static metric to the case of rotating solutions and find that the value of the electric charge depends on the rotation parameter. Finally, we consider the quadratic Maxwell invariant as a correction of Maxwell theory and we investigate the effects of nonlinearity as a correction. We study the behavior of the deficit angle in presence of these theories of nonlinearity and compare them with each other. We also show that some cases with negative deficit angle exists which are representing objects with different geometrical structure. We also show that in case of the static only magnetic field exists whereas by boosting the metric to rotating one, electric field appears too."
"The angular distribution of &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt; → &lt;i&gt;K&lt;i/&gt;ℓ̅ℓ () depends on two parameters, the lepton forward–backward asymmetry, , and the flat term, . Both are strongly suppressed in the standard model and constitute sensitive probes of tensor and scalar contributions. We use the latest experimental results for in combination with the branching ratio of to derive the strongest model-independent bounds on tensor and scalar effective couplings to date. The measurement of provides a complementary constraint to that of the branching ratio of and allows us – for the first time – to constrain all complex-valued (pseudo-)scalar couplings and their chirality-flipped counterparts in one fit. Based on Bayesian fits of various scenarios, we find that our bounds even become tighter when vector couplings are allowed to deviate from the standard model and that specific combinations of angular observables in are still allowed to be up to two orders of magnitude larger than in the standard model, which would place them in the region of LHCb’s sensitivity."
"In the framework of the -factorization approach, the production and polarization of prompt mesons in &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collisions at LHC energies is studied. Our consideration is based on the non-relativistic QCD formalism for bound states and off-shell amplitudes for hard partonic subprocesses. The transverse momentum dependent (unintegrated) gluon densities in a proton were derived from the Ciafaloni–Catani–Fiorani–Marchesini evolution equation or, alternatively, were chosen in accordance with the Kimber–Martin–Ryskin prescription. The non-perturbative color-octet matrix elements were first deduced from the fits to the latest CMS data on transverse momentum distributions and then applied to describe the ATLAS and LHCb data on production and polarization at  TeV. We perform the estimation of the polarization parameters , , and , which determine the spin density matrix and demonstrate that taking into account the off-shellness of the initial gluons in the color-octet contributions leads to unpolarized production at high transverse momenta, in qualitative agreement with the LHC data."
"We consider the massive integer higher spin fields coupled to an external constant electromagnetic field in flat space of arbitrary dimension and find a gauge invariant quartic interaction vertex which is quadratic in a dynamical higher spin field and quadratic in the external field. The construction of the vertex is based on the BRST approach to higher spin field theory where no off-shell constraints on the fields and on the gauge parameters are imposed from the very beginning (unconstrained formulation)."
"When averages of different experimental determinations of the same quantity are computed, each with statistical and systematic error components, then frequently the statistical and systematic components of the combined error are quoted explicitly. These are important pieces of information since statistical errors scale differently and often more favorably with the sample size than most systematical or theoretical errors. In this communication we describe a transparent procedure by which the statistical and systematic error components of the combination uncertainty can be obtained. We develop a general method and derive a general formula for the case of Gaussian errors with or without correlations. The method can easily be applied to other error distributions, as well. For the case of two measurements, we also define disparity and misalignment angles, and discuss their relation to the combination weight factors."
"The LHC data on jet fragmentation function and jet shapes in PbPb collisions at center-of-mass energy 2.76 TeV per nucleon pair are analyzed and interpreted in the frameworks of PYthia QUENched (PYQUEN) jet quenching model. A specific modification of longitudinal and radial jet profiles in most central PbPb collisions as compared with pp data is close to that obtained with PYQUEN simulations, taking into account wide-angle radiative and collisional partonic energy losses. The contribution of radiative and collisional loss to the medium-modified intra-jet structure is estimated."
"We construct perfect fluid tori in the field of the Kehagias–Sfetsos (K–S) naked singularities. These are spherically symmetric vacuum solutions of the modified Hořava quantum gravity, characterized by a dimensionless parameter , combining the gravitational mass parameter &lt;i&gt;M&lt;i/&gt; of the spacetime with the Hořava parameter , reflecting the role of the quantum corrections. In dependence on the value of , the K–S naked singularities demonstrate a variety of qualitatively different behavior of their circular geodesics that is fully reflected in the properties of the toroidal structures, demonstrating clear distinction to the properties of the torii in the Schwarzschild spacetimes. In all of the K–S naked singularity spacetimes the tori are located above an “antigravity” sphere where matter can stay in a stable equilibrium position, which is relevant for the stability of the orbiting fluid toroidal accretion structures. The signature of the K–S naked singularity is given by the properties of marginally stable tori orbiting with the uniform distribution of the specific angular momentum of the fluid, const. In the K–S naked singularity spacetimes with , doubled tori with the same const can exist; mass transfer between the outer torus and the inner one is possible under appropriate conditions, while only outflow to the outer space is allowed in complementary conditions. In the K–S spacetimes with , accretion from cusped perfect fluid tori is not possible due to the non-existence of unstable circular geodesics."
"We consider lepton-flavour violating decays of the top quark, mediated by 4-fermion operators. We compile constraints on a complete set of SU(3)  U(1)-invariant operators, arising from their loop contributions to rare decays and from HERA’s single-top search. The bounds on &lt;i&gt;e&lt;i/&gt;– flavour change are more restrictive than on –; nonetheless the top could decay to a jet with a branching ratio of order . We estimate that the currently available LHC data (20 fb at 8 TeV) could be sensitive to + jet) , and we extrapolate that 100 fb at 13 TeV could reach a sensitivity of ."
"In this work, we have studied the accretion of the -dimensional charged BTZ black hole (BH). The critical point and square speed of sound have been obtained. The mass of the BTZ BH has been calculated and we have observed that the mass of the BTZ BH is related with the square root of the energy density of the dark energy which accretes onto the BH in our accelerating FRW universe. We have assumed modified Chaplygin gas (MCG) as a candidate of dark energy which accretes onto the BH and we have found the expression of BTZ BH mass. Since in our solution of MCG, this model generates only quintessence dark energy (not phantom) and so BTZ BH mass increases during the whole evolution of the accelerating universe. Next we have assumed five kinds of parametrizations of well-known dark-energy models. These models generate both quintessence and phantom scenarios i.e., phantom crossing models. So if these dark energies accrete onto the BTZ BH, then in the quintessence stage, the BH mass increases up to a certain value (finite value) and then decreases to a certain finite value for the phantom stage during the whole evolution of the universe. We have shown these results graphically."
"We extend one of the Hawking–Penrose singularity theorems in general relativity to the case of some scalar-tensor gravity theories in which the scalar field has a geometrical character and space-time has the mathematical structure of a Weyl integrable space-time. We adopt an invariant formalism, so that the extended version of the theorem does not depend on a particular frame."
"The Lorentz transformation properties of the equal-time bound-state Bethe–Salpeter amplitude in the two-dimensional massless quantum electrodynamics (the so-called Schwinger model) are considered. It is shown that while boosting a bound state (a ‘meson’) this amplitude is subject to approximate Lorentz contraction. The effect is exact for large separations of constituent particles (‘quarks’), while for small distances the deviation is more significant. For this phenomenon to appear, the &lt;i&gt;full&lt;i/&gt; function, i.e. with the inclusion of all instanton contributions, has to be considered. The amplitude in each separate topological sector does not exhibit such properties."
"The canonical Aharonov–Bohm effect is usually studied with time-independent potentials. In this work, we investigate the Aharonov–Bohm phase acquired by a charged particle moving in &lt;i&gt;time-dependent&lt;i/&gt; potentials. In particular, we focus on the case of a charged particle moving in the time-varying field of a plane electromagnetic wave. We work out the Aharonov–Bohm phase using both the potential (i.e. ) and the field (i.e. ) forms of the Aharonov–Bohm phase. We give conditions in terms of the parameters of the system (frequency of the electromagnetic wave, the size of the space–time loop, amplitude of the electromagnetic wave) under which the time-varying Aharonov–Bohm effect could be observed."
"We study the properties of the poles of the resummed graviton propagator obtained by resumming bubble matter diagrams which correct the classical graviton propagator. These poles have been previously interpreted as black holes precursors. Here, we show using the horizon wave-function formalism that these poles indeed have properties which make them compatible with being black hole precursors. In particular, when modeled with a Breit–Wigner distribution, they have a well-defined gravitational radius. The probability that the resonance is inside its own gravitational radius, and thus that it is a black hole, is about one half. Our results confirm the interpretation of these poles as black hole precursors."
"We investigate inflation within -theories, where a dynamical scalar field is coupled to gravity. A class of models which can support early-time acceleration with the emerging of an effective cosmological constant at high curvature is studied. The dynamics of the field allow for exit from inflation leading to the correct amount of inflation in agreement with cosmological data. Furthermore, the spectral index and tensor-to-scalar ratio of the models are carefully analyzed. A generalization of the theory to incorporate dark matter in the context of mimetic gravity, and further extensions of the latter, are also discussed."
"We study multi-soliton solutions of the four-dimensional SU(N) Skyrme model by combining the hedgehog ansatz for SU(N) based on the harmonic maps of into and a geometrical trick which allows to analyze explicitly finite-volume effects without breaking the relevant symmetries of the ansatz. The geometric set-up allows to introduce a parameter which is related to the ’t Hooft coupling of a suitable large &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt; limit, in which and the curvature of the background metric approaches zero, in such a way that their product is constant. The relevance of such a parameter to the physics of the system is pointed out. In particular, we discuss how the discrete symmetries of the configurations depend on it."
"The existence of both a minimum mass and a minimum density in nature, in the presence of a positive cosmological constant, is one of the most intriguing results in classical general relativity. These results follow rigorously from the Buchdahl inequalities in four-dimensional de Sitter space. In this work, we obtain the generalized Buchdahl inequalities in arbitrary space–time dimensions with and consider both the de Sitter and the anti-de Sitter cases. The dependence on &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt;, the number of space–time dimensions, of the minimum and maximum masses for stable spherical objects is explicitly obtained. The analysis is then extended to the case of dark energy satisfying an arbitrary linear barotropic equation of state. The Jeans instability of barotropic dark energy is also investigated, for arbitrary &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt;, in the framework of a simple Newtonian model with and without viscous dissipation, and we determine the dispersion relation describing the dark energy–matter condensation process, along with estimates of the corresponding Jeans mass (and radius). Finally, the quantum mechanical implications of the mass limits are investigated, and we show that the existence of a minimum mass scale naturally leads to a model in which dark energy is composed of a ‘sea’ of quantum particles, each with an effective mass proportional to ."
"The effects of color reconnection (CR) at colliders are revisited, with focus on recently developed CR models. The new models are compared with the LEP2 measurements for and found to lie within their limits. Prospects for constraints from new high-luminosity colliders are discussed. The novel arena of CR in Higgs decays is introduced, and it is illustrated by shifts in angular correlations that would be used to set limits on a potential &lt;i&gt;CP&lt;i/&gt;-odd admixture of the 125 GeV Higgs state."
"The properties of the observed Higgs boson with mass around 125 GeV can be affected in a variety of ways by new physics beyond the Standard Model (SM). The wealth of experimental results, targeting the different combinations for the production and decay of a Higgs boson, makes it a non-trivial task to assess the patibility of a non-SM-like Higgs boson with all available results. In this paper we present Lilith, a new public tool for constraining new physics from signal strength measurements performed at the LHC and the Tevatron. Lilith is a Python library that can also be used in C and C++/ROOT programs. The Higgs likelihood is based on experimental results stored in an easily extensible XML database, and is evaluated from the user input, given in XML format in terms of reduced couplings or signal strengths.The results of Lilith can be used to constrain a wide class of new physics scenarios."
"The development of automated solutions to pattern recognition problems is important in many areas of scientific research and human endeavour. This paper describes the implementation of the Pandora software development kit, which aids the process of designing, implementing and running pattern recognition algorithms. The Pandora Application Programming Interfaces ensure simple specification of the building-blocks defining a pattern recognition problem. The logic required to solve the problem is implemented in algorithms. The algorithms request operations to create or modify data structures and the operations are performed by the Pandora framework. This design promotes an approach using many decoupled algorithms, each addressing specific topologies. Details of algorithms addressing two pattern recognition problems in High Energy Physics are presented: reconstruction of events at a high-energy linear collider and reconstruction of cosmic ray or neutrino events in a liquid argon time projection chamber."
"High energy (CERN SPS and LHC) &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; () scattering is treated in the framework of the Additive Quark Model together with Pomeron exchange theory. Reasonable agreement with experimental data is achieved both for the elastic scattering and for the diffractive dissociation with natural parameters for the strong matter distribution inside proton."
"It is shown that the efficiency of the universe heating by an inflaton field depends not only on the possible presence of parametric resonance in the production of scalar particles but also strongly depends on the character of the inflaton approach to its mechanical equilibrium point. In particular, when the inflaton oscillations deviate from pure harmonic ones toward a succession of step functions, the production probability rises by several orders of magnitude. This in turn leads to a much higher temperature of the universe after the inflaton decay, in comparison to the harmonic case. An example of the inflaton potential is presented which creates a proper modification of the evolution of the inflaton toward equilibrium and does not destroy the nice features of inflation."
"We show how studies relevant for mono-X searches at the LHC in simplified models featuring a dark-matter candidate and an &lt;i&gt;s&lt;i/&gt;-channel mediator can be performed within the MadGraph5_aMC@NLO framework. We focus on gluon-initiated loop-induced processes, mostly relevant to the case where the mediator couples preferentially to third generation quarks and in particular to the top quark. Our implementation allows us to study signatures at hadron colliders involving missing transverse energy plus jets or plus neutral bosons (), possibly including the effects of extra radiation by multi-parton merging and matching to the parton shower."
"We investigate the uncertainty in the strong coupling when allowing it to be a free parameter in the recent MMHT global analyses of deep-inelastic and related hard scattering data that was undertaken to determine the parton distribution functions (PDFs) of the proton. The analysis uses the standard framework of leading twist fixed-order collinear factorisation in the scheme. We study the constraints on coming from individual data sets by repeating the NNLO and NLO fits spanning the range 0.108 to 0.128 in units of 0.001, making all PDFs sets available. The inclusion of the cross section for inclusive production allows us to explore the correlation between the mass of the top quark and . We find that the best-fit values are and at NLO and NNLO, respectively, with the central values changing to and 0.1178 when the world average of is used as a data point. We investigate the interplay between the uncertainties on and on the PDFs. In particular we calculate the cross sections for key processes at the LHC and show how the uncertainties from the PDFs and from can be provided independently and be combined."
"Within the Constrained Minimal Supersymmetric Standard Model (CMSSM) with Minimal Flavor Violation (MFV) for scalar quarks, we study numerically the effects of intergenerational squark mixing on &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt;-physics observables, electroweak precision observables (EWPO), and the Higgs-boson mass predictions. In models with universal soft terms at the GUT scale, squark mixing is generated through the Renormalization Group Equations (RGEs) running from the GUT scale to the electroweak scale due to presence of non-diagonal Yukawa matrices in the RGEs, e.g. due to the CKM matrix. Our numerical analysis is based on the code Spheno for the RGE running and full one-loop calculations, supplemented by further higher-order corrections, at the electroweak scale of the precision observables as included in the code FeynHiggs. Taking the CMSSM as a concrete “realistic” example, we find that the &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt;-physics observables as well as the Higgs mass predictions do not receive sizable corrections. On the other hand, in our numerical analysis we observe that the EWPO such as the &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; boson mass can receive relevant corrections. Such contributions could in principle be used to place new bounds on the CMSSM parameter space. We extend our numerical analysis to the CMSSM extended with a mechanism to explain neutrino masses (CMSSM-seesaw I), which induces flavor violation in the scalar lepton sector. The effects of slepton mixing on the analyzed observables are found to be, in general, smaller than those of squark mixing, but in our numerical analysis reach the level of the current experimental uncertainty for the EWPO."
"The natural parameterization of vacuum oscillations in three neutrino flavors is studied. Compact and exact relations of its three parameters with the ordinary three mixing angles and CP-violating phase are obtained. Its usefulness is illustrated by considering various applications: the study of the flavor ratio and of its uncertainties, the comparison of expectations and observations in the flavor triangle, and the intensity of the signal due to Glashow resonance. The results in the literature are easily reproduced and in particular the recently obtained agreement of the observations of IceCube with the hypothesis of cosmic neutrino oscillations is confirmed. It is argued that a Gaussian treatment of the errors appropriately describes the effects of the uncertainties on the neutrino oscillation parameters."
"In this work we deal with the spacetime shaped by a straight cosmic string, emerging from local gauge theories, in the braneworld gravity context. We search for physical consequences of string features due to the modified gravitational scenario encoded in the projected gravitational equations. It is shown that cosmic strings in braneworld gravity may present significant differences when compared to the general relativity predictions, since its linear density is modified and the deficit angle produced by the cosmic string is attenuated. Furthermore, the existence of cosmic strings in that scenario requires a strong restriction to the braneworld tension: , in Planck units."
"Due to the finite-size effects, the localization of the phase transition in finite systems and the determination of its order, become an extremely difficult task, even in the simplest known cases. In order to identify and locate the finite-volume transition point of the QCD deconfinement phase transition to a colorless QGP, we have developed a new approach using the finite-size cumulant expansion of the order parameter and the -method. The first six cumulants with the corresponding under-normalized ratios (skewness , kurtosis , pentosis , and hexosis ) and three unnormalized combinations of them, (, , ) are calculated and studied as functions of (&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;V&lt;i/&gt;). A new approach, unifying in a clear and consistent way the definitions of cumulant ratios, is proposed. A numerical FSS analysis of the obtained results has allowed us to locate accurately the finite-volume transition point. The extracted transition temperature value agrees with that expected from the order parameter and the thermal susceptibility , according to the standard procedure of localization to within about . In addition to this, a very good correlation factor is obtained proving the validity of our cumulants method. The agreement of our results with those obtained by means of other models is remarkable."
"The charged particle transverse momentum () spectra measured by the ATLAS and CMS collaborations for proton–proton collisions at and 7 TeV have been studied using Tsallis thermodynamics. A thermodynamically consistent form of the Tsallis distribution is used for fitting the transverse momentum spectra at mid-rapidity. It is found that the fits based on the proposed distribution are working over 14 orders of magnitude with values up to 200 GeV/c and this gives a value of of 0.52/24 for the CMS data at 7 TeV. The values for as a function of center-of-mass energy obtained using a Tsallis distribution for both ATLAS and CMS data sets are presented and discussed."
"Flow signatures in experimental data from relativistic ion collisions are usually interpreted as a fingerprint of the presence of a hydrodynamic phase during the evolution of these systems. In this work, flow signatures arising from event-by-event viscous hydrodynamics are compared to those arising from event-by-event non-interacting particle dynamics (free streaming), both followed by a late-stage hadronic cascade, in , at  GeV and collisions at  TeV, respectively. For comparison, also collisions at  TeV are simulated. It is found that non-hydrodynamic evolution can give rise to radial flow equal to or larger than hydrodynamics with in all simulated collision systems. In light-on-heavy-ion collisions, free streaming gives rise to triangular and quadrupolar flow comparable to or larger than that from hydrodynamics, but it generally leads to considerably smaller elliptic flow. As expected, free streaming leads to considerably less elliptic, triangular and quadrupolar flow than hydrodynamics in nucleus–nucleus collisions, such as event-by-event collisions at  TeV."
"Charged Lepton Flavor Violation (cLFV) processes like are rare decay processes that are another signature of physics beyond standard model. These processes have been studied in various models that could explain neutrino oscillations and mixings. In this work, we present bounds on the cLFV decay in a – symmetric SUSY SO(10) theory, using the type I seesaw mechanism. The updated constraints on BR() from the MEG experiment, the recently measured value of Higgs mass at LHC, and the value of from reactor data have been used. We present our results in mSUGRA, NUHM, NUGM, and NUSM models, and the sensitivity to test these theories at the next run of LHC is also discussed."
"In this article, we calculate the contributions of the vacuum condensates up to dimension-6 including the corrections to the quark condensates in the operator product expansion, then we study the masses and decay constants of the pseudoscalar, scalar, vector, and axial-vector heavy-light mesons with the QCD sum rules in a systematic way. The masses of the observed mesons , , , , can be well reproduced, while the predictions for the masses of and can be confronted with the experimental data in the future. We obtain the decay constants of the pseudoscalar, scalar, vector, and axial-vector heavy-light mesons, which have many phenomenological applications in studying the semi-leptonic and leptonic decays of the heavy-light mesons."
"The production of the massive bosons and could provide an excellent tool to study cold nuclear matter effects and the modifications of nuclear parton distribution functions (nPDFs) relative to the parton distribution functions (PDFs) of a free proton in high-energy nuclear reactions at the LHC as well as in heavy-ion collisions (HIC) with much higher center-of-mass energies available in the future colliders. In this paper we calculate the rapidity and transverse momentum distributions of the vector boson and their nuclear modification factors in p + Pb collisions at  TeV and in Pb + Pb collisions at  TeV in the framework of perturbative QCD by utilizing three parametrization sets of nPDFs: EPS09, DSSZ, and nCTEQ. It is found that in heavy-ion collisions at such high colliding energies, both the rapidity distribution and the transverse momentum spectrum of vector bosons are considerably suppressed in wide kinematic regions with respect to p + p reactions due to large nuclear shadowing effect. We demonstrate that the massive vector boson production processes with sea quarks in the initial state may give more contributions than those with valence quarks in the initial state; therefore in future heavy-ion collisions the isospin effect is less pronounced and the charge asymmetry of the W boson will be reduced significantly as compared to that at the LHC. A large difference between results with nCTEQ and results with EPS09 and DSSZ is observed in nuclear modifications of both rapidity and distributions of and &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; in the future HIC."
"We compute the corrections to the Schwarzschild metric necessary to reproduce the Hawking temperature derived from a generalized uncertainty principle (GUP), so that the GUP deformation parameter is directly linked to the deformation of the metric. Using this modified Schwarzschild metric, we compute corrections to the standard general relativistic predictions for the light deflection and perihelion precession, both for planets in the solar system and for binary pulsars. This analysis allows us to set bounds for the GUP deformation parameter from well-known astronomical measurements."
"Reaching a theoretical accuracy in the prediction of the lightest MSSM Higgs-boson mass, , at the level of the current experimental precision requires the inclusion of momentum-dependent contributions at the two-loop level. Recently two groups presented the two-loop QCD momentum-dependent corrections to (Borowka et al., Eur Phys J C 74(8):2994, 2014; Degrassi et al., Eur Phys J C 75(2):61, 2015), using a hybrid on-shell- scheme, with apparently different results. We show that the differences can be traced back to a different renormalization of the top-quark mass, and that the claim in Ref. Degrassi et al. (Eur Phys J C 75(2):61, 2015) of an inconsistency in Ref. Borowka et al. (Eur Phys J C 74(8):2994, 2014) is incorrect. We furthermore compare consistently the results for obtained with the top-quark mass renormalized on-shell and . The latter calculation has been added to the FeynHiggs package and can be used to estimate missing higher-order corrections beyond the two-loop level."
"The Majorana nature of massive neutrinos will be crucially probed in the next-generation experiments of the neutrinoless double-beta () decay. The effective mass term of this process, , may be contaminated by new physics. So how to interpret a discovery or null result of the decay in the foreseeable future is highly nontrivial. In this paper we introduce a novel three-dimensional description of , which allows us to see its sensitivity to the lightest neutrino mass and two Majorana phases in a transparent way. We take a look at to what extent the free parameters of can be well constrained provided a signal of the decay is observed someday. To fully explore lepton number violation, all the six effective Majorana mass terms (for ) are calculated and their lower bounds are illustrated with the two-dimensional contour figures. The effect of possible new physics on the decay is also discussed in a model-independent way. We find that the result of in the normal (or inverted) neutrino mass ordering case modified by the new physics effect may somewhat mimic that in the inverted (or normal) mass ordering case in the standard three-flavor scheme. Hence a proper interpretation of a discovery or null result of the decay may demand extra information from some other measurements."
"We present a frequentist analysis of the parameter space of the pMSSM10, in which the following ten soft SUSY-breaking parameters are specified independently at the mean scalar top mass scale : the gaugino masses , the first-and second-generation squark masses , the third-generation squark mass , a common slepton mass and a common trilinear mixing parameter &lt;i&gt;A&lt;i/&gt;, as well as the Higgs mixing parameter , the pseudoscalar Higgs mass and , the ratio of the two Higgs vacuum expectation values. We use the MultiNest sampling algorithm with 1.2 points to sample the pMSSM10 parameter space. A dedicated study shows that the sensitivities to strongly interacting sparticle masses of ATLAS and CMS searches for jets, leptons + signals depend only weakly on many of the other pMSSM10 parameters. With the aid of the Atom and Scorpion codes, we also implement the LHC searches for electroweakly interacting sparticles and light stops, so as to confront the pMSSM10 parameter space with all relevant SUSY searches. In addition, our analysis includes Higgs mass and rate measurements using the HiggsSignals code, SUSY Higgs exclusion bounds, the measurements of by LHCb and CMS, other &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt;-physics observables, electroweak precision observables, the cold dark matter density and the XENON100 and LUX searches for spin-independent dark matter scattering, assuming that the cold dark matter is mainly provided by the lightest neutralino . We show that the pMSSM10 is able to provide a supersymmetric interpretation of , unlike the CMSSM, NUHM1 and NUHM2. As a result, we find (omitting Higgs rates) that the minimum with 18 degrees of freedom (d.o.f.) in the pMSSM10, corresponding to a probability of 30.8 %, to be compared with in the CMSSM (NUHM1) (NUHM2). We display the one-dimensional likelihood functions for sparticle masses, and we show that they may be significantly lighter in the pMSSM10 than in the other models, e.g., the gluino may be as light as 1250 at the 68 % CL, and squarks, stops, electroweak gauginos and sleptons may be much lighter than in the CMSSM, NUHM1 and NUHM2. We discuss the discovery potential of future LHC runs, colliders and direct detection experiments."
"LHC searches for non-standard Higgs bosons decaying into tau lepton pairs constitute a sensitive experimental probe for physics beyond the Standard Model (BSM), such as supersymmetry (SUSY). Recently, the limits obtained from these searches have been presented by the CMS collaboration in a nearly model-independent fashion – as a narrow resonance model – based on the full dataset. In addition to publishing a exclusion limit, the full likelihood information for the narrow resonance model has been released. This provides valuable information that can be incorporated into global BSM fits. We present a simple algorithm that maps an arbitrary model with multiple neutral Higgs bosons onto the narrow resonance model and derives the corresponding value for the exclusion likelihood from the CMS search. This procedure has been implemented into the public computer code HiggsBounds (version 4.2.0 and higher). We validate our implementation by cross-checking against the official CMS exclusion contours in three Higgs benchmark scenarios in the Minimal Supersymmetric Standard Model (MSSM), and find very good agreement. Going beyond validation, we discuss the combined constraints of the search and the rate measurements of the SM-like Higgs at in a recently proposed MSSM benchmark scenario, where the lightest Higgs boson obtains SM-like couplings independently of the decoupling of the heavier Higgs states. Technical details for how to access the likelihood information within HiggsBounds are given in the appendix. The program is available at http://higgsbounds.hepforge.org."
"We investigate the flavour-changing neutral current decay of the lightest stop into a charm quark and the lightest neutralino and its four-body decay into the lightest neutralino, a down-type quark and a fermion pair. These are the relevant stop search channels in the low-mass region. The SUSY-QCD corrections to the two-body decay have been calculated for the first time and turn out to be sizeable. In the four-body decay both the contributions from diagrams with flavour-changing neutral current couplings and the mass effects of final state bottom quarks and leptons have been taken into account, which are not available in the literature so far. The resulting branching ratios are investigated in detail. We find that in either of the decay channels the branching ratios can deviate significantly from 1 in large parts of the allowed parameter range. Taking this into account, the experimental exclusion limits on the stop, which are based on the assumption of branching ratios equal to 1, are considerably weakened. This should be taken into account in future searches for light stops at the next run of the LHC, where the probed low stop mass region will be extended."
"The state equation of the charged AdS black hole is reviewed in the &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;– plane. With a view on the the phase transition, the &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;–&lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;P&lt;i/&gt;–&lt;i&gt;V&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;P&lt;i/&gt;– graphs are plotted and then the equal area law is used in the three cases to get the phase transition point (&lt;i&gt;P&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;). The analytical phase transition point relations for &lt;i&gt;P&lt;i/&gt;–&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt; of a charged AdS black hole has been obtained successfully. By comparing the three results, we find that the equal area law possibly cannot be used directly for the &lt;i&gt;P&lt;i/&gt;– plane. According to the &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;–&lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;P&lt;i/&gt;–&lt;i&gt;V&lt;i/&gt; results, we plot the &lt;i&gt;P&lt;i/&gt;–&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;–&lt;i&gt;Q&lt;i/&gt; graph and find that for a highly charged black hole a very low temperature condition is required for the phase transition."
"The amplitude relevant for Higgs production via gluon fusion is computed in the four-dimensional helicity scheme (fdh) and in dimensional reduction (dred) at the two-loop level in the limit of heavy top quarks. The required renormalization is developed and described in detail, including the treatment of evanescent -scalar contributions. In fdh and dred there are additional dimension-5 operators generating the &lt;i&gt;H&lt;i/&gt; &lt;i&gt;g&lt;i/&gt; &lt;i&gt;g&lt;i/&gt; vertices, where &lt;i&gt;g&lt;i/&gt; can either be a gluon or an -scalar. An appropriate operator basis is given and the operator mixing through renormalization is described. The results of the present paper provide building blocks for further computations, and they allow one to complete the study of the infrared divergence structure of two-loop amplitudes in fdh and dred."
"The hadronic corrections to the muon anomalous magnetic moment , due to the gauge-invariant set of diagrams with dynamical quark loop light-by-light scattering insertions, are calculated in the framework of the nonlocal chiral quark model. These results complete calculations of all hadronic light-by-light scattering contributions to in the leading order in the expansion. The result for the quark loop contribution is and the total result is ."
"A search for neutrinoless decay processes accompanied with Majoron emission has been performed using data collected during Phase I of the GERmanium Detector Array (GERDA) experiment at the Laboratori Nazionali del Gran Sasso of INFN (Italy). Processes with spectral indices were searched for. No signals were found and lower limits of the order of 10 yr on their half-lives were derived, yielding substantially improved results compared to previous experiments with Ge. A new result for the half-life of the neutrino-accompanied decay of Ge with significantly reduced uncertainties is also given, resulting in  yr."
"The Large Hadron Collider is the first particle accelerator that provides high enough energy to produce large numbers of boosted top quarks. The decay products of these top quarks are confined to a cone in the top quark flight direction and can be clustered into a single jet. Top quark reconstruction then amounts to analysing the structure of the jet and looking for subjets that are kinematically compatible with top quark decay. Many techniques have been developed in this context to identify top quarks in a large background of non-top jets. This article reviews the results obtained using data recorded in the years 2010–2012 by the experiments ATLAS and CMS. Studies of Standard Model top quark production and searches for new massive particles that decay to top quarks are presented."
"The transition form factor is analyzed for the first time in both space- and time-like regions at low and intermediate energies in a model-independent approach through the use of rational approximants. The experimental data provided by the A2 Collaboration in the very low-energy region of the dielectron invariant mass distribution allows for the extraction of the most precise up-to-date slope and curvature parameters of the form factors as well as their values at zero and infinity. The impact of these new results on the mixing parameters of the – system, together with the role played by renormalization dependent effects, and on the determination of the couplings from and radiative decays is also discussed."
"Combining the stochastic and formalisms, we derive non-perturbative analytical expressions for all correlation functions of scalar perturbations in single-field, slow-roll inflation. The standard, classical formulas are recovered as saddle-point limits of the full results. This yields a classicality criterion that shows that stochastic effects are small only if the potential is sub-Planckian and not too flat. The saddle-point approximation also provides an expansion scheme for calculating stochastic corrections to observable quantities perturbatively in this regime. In the opposite regime, we show that a strong suppression in the power spectrum is generically obtained, and we comment on the physical implications of this effect."
"A search for Higgs boson pair production is performed with 19.5 fb of proton–proton collision data at  TeV, which were recorded by the ATLAS detector at the Large Hadron Collider in 2012. The decay products of each Higgs boson are reconstructed as a high-momentum system with either a pair of small-radius jets or a single large-radius jet, the latter exploiting jet substructure techniques and associated &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-tagged track-jets. No evidence for resonant or non-resonant Higgs boson pair production is observed. The data are interpreted in the context of the Randall–Sundrum model with a warped extra dimension as well as the two-Higgs-doublet model. An upper limit on the cross-section for of 3.2 (2.3) fb is set for a Kaluza–Klein graviton mass of 1.0 (1.5) TeV, at the 95 % confidence level. The search for non-resonant Standard Model &lt;i&gt;hh&lt;i/&gt; production sets an observed 95 % confidence level upper limit on the production cross-section of 202 fb, compared to a Standard Model prediction of  fb."
"We present our development of Zeldovich’s ideas for the measurement of the cosmological angular diameter distance (ADD) in the Friedmann Universe. We derive the general differential equation for the ADD measurement which is valid for an open, spatially flat, and closed universe, and for any stress energy tensor. We solve these equations in terms of quadratures in a form suitable for further numerical investigations for the present universe filled by radiation, (baryonic and dark) matter, and dark energy. We perform the numerical investigation in the absence of radiation, and we show the strong dependence ADD has on the filling of the cone of light rays (CLR). The difference of the empty and totally filled CLR may reach 600–700 Mps for a redshift of ."
"Lorentz symmetry breaking effects on relativistic EPR (Einstein–Podolsky–Rosen) correlations are discussed. From the modified Maxwell theory coupled to gravity, we establish a possible scenario of the Lorentz symmetry violation and write an effective metric for the Minkowski spacetime. Then we obtain the Wigner rotation angle via the Fermi–Walker transport of spinors and consider the WKB (Wentzel–Kramers–Brillouin) approximation in order to study the influence of Lorentz symmetry breaking effects on the relativistic EPR correlations."
"Over the past decade, a large number of jet substructure observables have been proposed in the literature, and explored at the LHC experiments. Such observables attempt to utilize the internal structure of jets in order to distinguish those initiated by quarks, gluons, or by boosted heavy objects, such as top quarks and &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; bosons. This report, originating from and motivated by the BOOST2013 workshop, presents original particle-level studies that aim to improve our understanding of the relationships between jet substructure observables, their complementarity, and their dependence on the underlying jet properties, particularly the jet radius and jet transverse momentum. This is explored in the context of quark/gluon discrimination, boosted &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; boson tagging and boosted top quark tagging."
NaN
"Many extensions of the Standard Model predict the existence of charged heavy long-lived particles, such as &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;-hadrons or charginos. These particles, if produced at the Large Hadron Collider, should be moving non-relativistically and are therefore identifiable through the measurement of an anomalously large specific energy loss in the ATLAS pixel detector. Measuring heavy long-lived particles through their track parameters in the vicinity of the interaction vertex provides sensitivity to metastable particles with lifetimes from 0.6 ns to 30 ns. A search for such particles with the ATLAS detector at the Large Hadron Collider is presented, based on a data sample corresponding to an integrated luminosity of  fb of &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collisions at  TeV. No significant deviation from the Standard Model background expectation is observed, and lifetime-dependent upper limits on &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;-hadrons and chargino production are set. Gluino &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;-hadrons with 10 ns lifetime and masses up to 1185 GeV are excluded at 95  confidence level, and so are charginos with 15 ns lifetime and masses up to 482 GeV."
"We present a quantitative study of vorticity formation in peripheral ultrarelativistic heavy-ion collisions at  GeV by using the ECHO-QGP numerical code, implementing relativistic dissipative hydrodynamics in the causal Israel–Stewart framework in  dimensions with an initial Bjorken flow profile. We consider different definitions of vorticity which are relevant in relativistic hydrodynamics. After demonstrating the excellent capabilities of our code, which proves to be able to reproduce Gubser flow up to 8 fm/&lt;i&gt;c&lt;i/&gt;, we show that, with the initial conditions needed to reproduce the measured directed flow in peripheral collisions corresponding to an average impact parameter fm and with the Bjorken flow profile for a viscous Quark Gluon Plasma with fixed, a vorticity of the order of some /fm can develop at freeze-out. The ensuing polarization of baryons does not exceed 1.4 % at midrapidity. We show that the amount of developed directed flow is sensitive to both the initial angular momentum of the plasma and its viscosity."
"We find some new exact cosmological solutions for the covariant scalar–tensor–vector gravity theory, the so-called modified gravity (MOG). The exact solution of the vacuum field equations has been derived. Also, for non-vacuum cases we have found some exact solutions with the aid of the Noether symmetry approach. More specifically, the symmetry vector and also the Noether conserved quantity associated to the point-like Lagrangian of the theory have been found. Also we find the exact form of the generic vector field potential of this theory by considering the behavior of the relevant point-like Lagrangian under the infinitesimal generator of the Noether symmetry. Finally, we discuss the cosmological implications of the solutions."
"It is predicted that an accelerating electron performs a Brownian motion in the inertial frame. This Brownian motion in the inertial frame has its roots in the interaction with the thermal excitation given by the Unruh effect in the accelerating frame. If such a prediction is possible, correspondingly we propose a prediction in this study that the thermal radiation is emitted in the inertial frame from an electron heated due to the Unruh effect in the accelerating frame. The point in our prediction is, although the Unruh effect is limited in the accelerating frame, as well as that the Brownian motion rooted in the Unruh effect appears in the inertial frame, the heat of the particle appears in the inertial frame. Based on such a prediction in this paper, we investigate phenomena in the neighborhood of an accelerating electron in the inertial frame. The model we consider is the four-dimensional Klein–Gordon real scalar field model with the Higgs potential term at the finite temperature identified with the Unruh temperature on the de Sitter space-time. We calculate the one-loop effective potential in the inertial frame with the corrections by the thermal radiation rooted in the Unruh effect in the accelerating frame. In this calculation, we take into account that the background space-time is deformed due to the field theory’s corrected one-loop effective potential. Based on such an analysis, we illustrate the restoration of the spontaneous symmetry breaking and the dynamical variation of the background space-time, and we examine the accelerating particle’s world-line and the amount of the energy corresponding to the change of the acceleration."
"We consider the behavior of the innermost stable circular orbit (ISCO) in the magnetic field near “dirty” (surrounded by matter) axially symmetric black holes. The cases of near-extremal, extremal, and nonextremal black holes are analyzed. For nonrotating black holes, in the strong magnetic field ISCO approaches the horizon (when backreaction of the field on the geometry is neglected). Rotation destroys this phenomenon. The angular momentum and radius of ISCO look model-independent in the main approximation. We also study the collisions between two particles that results in the ultra-high energy in the center-of-mass frame. Two scenarios are considered—when one particle moves on the near-horizon ISCO or when collision occurs on the horizon, one particle having the energy and angular momentum typical of ISCO. If the magnetic field is strong enough and a black hole is slowly rotating, can become arbitrarily large. The kinematics of the high-energy collision is discussed. As an example, we consider the magnetized Schwarzschild black hole for an arbitrary strength of the field (the Ernst solution). It is shown that backreaction of the magnetic field on the geometry can bound the growth of ."
"Kinematical distributions of decay products of the top quark carry information on the polarisation of the top as well as on any possible new physics in the decay of the top quark. We construct observables in the form of asymmetries in the kinematical distributions to probe their effects. Charged-lepton angular distributions in the decay are insensitive to anomalous couplings to leading order. Hence these can be a robust probe of top polarisation. However, these are difficult to measure in the case of highly boosted top quarks as compared to energy distributions of decay products. These are then sensitive, in general, to both top polarisation and top anomalous couplings. We compare various asymmetries for their sensitivities to the longitudinal polarisation of the top quark as well as to possible new physics in the &lt;i&gt;Wtb&lt;i/&gt; vertex, paying special attention to the case of highly boosted top quarks. We perform a analysis to determine the regions in the plane of longitudinal polarisation of the top quark and the couplings of the &lt;i&gt;Wtb&lt;i/&gt; vertex constrained by different combinations of the asymmetries. Moreover, we find that the use of observables sensitive to the longitudinal top polarisation can add to the sensitivity to which the &lt;i&gt;Wtb&lt;i/&gt; vertex can be probed."
"We perform a theoretical study on direct CP violation in in phase space around the intermediate states and . The possible interference between the amplitudes corresponding to the two resonances is taken into account, and the relative strong phase of the two amplitudes is treated as a free parameter. Our analysis shows that by a properly chosen strong phase, both the CP violation strength and the differential decay width accommodate the experimental results."
"In this work we consider a phenomenological model for leptogenesis in the context of a Standard Model Extension with an axial-like background coupling to fermions that violates both Lorentz and CPT symmetries. The latter is motivated by a background geometry of the early Universe involving a particular kind of torsion, arising from the Kalb–Ramond antisymmetric tensor field which appears in the gravitational multiplet of string theory, although we do not restrict ourselves to this framework. It is shown that leptogenesis can occur even at tree level and with only one generation of right-handed heavy Majorana neutrinos, due to and CPT violation introduced by the background geometry. Important issues for the model, including (a) its compatibility with a conventional-like cosmology and (b) current-era phenomenology (characterised by very stringent bounds on the allowed amount of torsion) are pointed out, and potential ways of resolving them, within the framework of string-theory models, are discussed."
"Warm inflation in the non-minimal derivative coupling model with a general dissipative coefficient is considered. We investigate the conditions for the existence of the slow roll approximation and study cosmological perturbations. The spectral index and the power spectrum are calculated and the temperature of the universe at the end of the slow roll warm inflation is obtained."
"Top quark production in the process at a future linear electron positron collider with polarised beams is a powerful tool to determine indirectly the scale of new physics. The presented study, based on a detailed simulation of the ILD detector concept, assumes a centre-of-mass energy of  GeV and a luminosity of equally shared between the incoming beam polarisations of . Events are selected in which the top pair decays semi-leptonically and the cross sections and the forward–backward asymmetries are determined. Based on these results, the vector, axial vector and tensorial &lt;i&gt;CP&lt;i/&gt; conserving couplings are extracted separately for the photon and the component. With the expected precision, a large number of models in which the top quark acts as a messenger to new physics can be distinguished with many standard deviations. This will dramatically improve expectations from e.g. the LHC for electro-weak couplings of the top quark."
"Measurements of the production cross sections in proton–proton collisions at center-of-mass energies of 7 and 8 are presented. Candidate events for the leptonic decay mode , where denotes an electron or a muon, are reconstructed and selected from data corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 5.1 (19.6) at 7 (8) collected with the CMS experiment. The measured cross sections, at 7, and at 8, are in good agreement with the standard model predictions with next-to-leading-order accuracy. The selected data are analyzed to search for anomalous triple gauge couplings involving the final state. In the absence of any deviation from the standard model predictions, limits are set on the relevant parameters. These limits are then combined with the previously published CMS results for in 4 final states, yielding the most stringent constraints on the anomalous couplings."
"This paper reviews and extends searches for the direct pair production of the scalar supersymmetric partners of the top and bottom quarks in proton–proton collisions collected by the ATLAS collaboration during the LHC Run 1. Most of the analyses use 20 of collisions at a centre-of-mass energy of TeV, although in some case an additional of collision data at TeV are used. New analyses are introduced to improve the sensitivity to specific regions of the model parameter space. Since no evidence of third-generation squarks is found, exclusion limits are derived by combining several analyses and are presented in both a simplified model framework, assuming simple decay chains, as well as within the context of more elaborate phenomenological supersymmetric models."
"The first part of our analysis uses the wavelet method to compare the quantum chromodynamic (QCD) prediction for the ratio of hadronic to muon cross sections in electron-positron collisions, &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, with experimental data for &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt; over a center of mass energy range up to about 7 GeV. A direct comparison of the raw experimental data and the QCD prediction is difficult because the data have a wide range of structures and large statistical errors and the QCD description contains sharp quark-antiquark thresholds. However, a meaningful comparison can be made if a type of “smearing” procedure is used to smooth out rapid variations in both the theoretical and experimental values of &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;. A wavelet analysis (WA) can be used to achieve this smearing effect. The second part of the analysis concentrates on the 3.0–6.0 GeV energy region which includes the relatively wide charmonium resonances . We use the wavelet methodology to distinguish these resonances from experimental noise, background and from each other, allowing a reliable determination of the parameters of these states. Both analyses are examples of the usefulness of WA in extracting information in a model independent way from high energy physics data."
"We investigate the accretion process for different spherically symmetric space-time geometries for a static fluid. We analyze this procedure using the most general black hole metric ansatz. After that, we examine the accretion process for specific spherically symmetric metrics obtaining the velocity of the sound during the process and the critical speed of the flow of the fluid around the black hole. In addition, we study the behavior of the rate of change of the mass for each chosen metric for a barotropic fluid."
"Motivated by the energy representation of Riemannian metric, in this paper we study different approaches toward the geometrical concept of black hole thermodynamics. We investigate thermodynamical Ricci scalar of Weinhold, Ruppeiner and Quevedo metrics and show that their number and location of divergences do not coincide with phase transition points arisen from heat capacity. Next, we introduce a new metric to solve these problems. We show that the denominator of the Ricci scalar of the new metric contains terms which coincide with different types of phase transitions. We elaborate the effectiveness of the new metric and shortcomings of the previous metrics with some examples. Furthermore, we find a characteristic behavior of the new thermodynamical Ricci scalar which enables one to distinguish two types of phase transitions. In addition, we generalize the new metric for the cases of more than two extensive parameters and show that in these cases the divergencies of thermodynamical Ricci scalar coincide with phase transition points of the heat capacity."
"LArGe is a Gerda low-background test facility to study novel background suppression methods in a low-background environment, for future application in the Gerda experiment. Similar to Gerda, LArGe operates bare germanium detectors submersed into liquid argon (1 m, 1.4 tons), which in addition is instrumented with photomultipliers to detect argon scintillation light. The scintillation signals are used in anti-coincidence with the germanium detectors to effectively suppress background events that deposit energy in the liquid argon. The background suppression efficiency was studied in combination with a pulse shape discrimination (PSD) technique using a BEGe detector for various sources, which represent characteristic backgrounds to Gerda. Suppression factors of a few times have been achieved. First background data of LArGe with a coaxial HPGe detector (without PSD) yield a background index of (0.124.6) cts/(keV kg year) (90 % C.L.), which is at the level of Gerda Phase I. Furthermore, for the first time we monitor the natural Ar abundance (parallel to Gerda), and have indication for the -decay in natural germanium. These results show the effectivity of an active liquid argon veto in an ultra-low background environment. As a consequence, the implementation of a liquid argon veto in Gerda Phase II is pursued."
"We review the paradigm of eternal inflation in the light of the recently proposed corpuscular picture of space-time. Comparing the strength of the average fluctuation of the field up its potential with that of quantum depletion, we show that the latter can be dominant. We then study the full respective distributions in order to show that the fraction of the space-time which has an increasing potential is &lt;i&gt;always&lt;i/&gt; below the eternal-inflation threshold. We prove that for monomial potentials eternal inflaton is excluded. This is likely to hold for other models as well."
"In this work, we have considered a non-canonical scalar field dark energy model in the framework of flat FRW background. It has also been assumed that the dark matter sector interacts with the non-canonical dark energy sector through some interaction term. Using the solutions for this interacting non-canonical scalar field dark energy model, we have investigated the validity of generalized second law (GSL) of thermodynamics in various scenarios using first law and area law of thermodynamics. For this purpose, we have assumed two types of horizons viz apparent horizon and event horizon for the universe and using first law of thermodynamics, we have examined the validity of GSL on both apparent and event horizons. Next, we have considered two types of entropy-corrections on apparent and event horizons. Using the modified area law, we have examined the validity of GSL of thermodynamics on apparent and event horizons under some restrictions of model parameters."
"The back-to-back and associated production at colliders is proposed to detect the gluon transverse momentum dependent (TMD) fragmentation functions. TMD factorization is assumed for this process. With a spinless pion, unpolarized and linearly polarized gluon TMD fragmentation functions can be defined. It is found that at parton level the hadronic tensor can be described by three independent structure functions. As a result, there are three independent angular distributions, of which the azimuthal asymmetry is sensitive to the linearly polarized gluon fragmentation function."
"Several versions of fuzzy four-dimensional de Sitter space are constructed using the noncommutative frame formalism. Although all noncommutative spacetimes which are found have commutative de Sitter metric as a classical limit, the algebras and the differential calculi which define them have many differences, which we derive and discuss."
"We calculate the finite vacuum energy density of the scalar and electromagnetic fields inside a Casimir apparatus made up of two conducting parallel plates in a general weak gravitational field. The metric of the weak gravitational field has a small deviation from flat spacetime inside the apparatus, and we find it by expanding the metric in terms of small parameters of the weak background. We show that the metric found can be transformed via a gauge transformation to the Fermi metric. We solve the Klein–Gordon equation exactly and find mode frequencies in Fermi spacetime. Using the fact that the electromagnetic field can be represented by two scalar fields in the Fermi spacetime, we find general formulas for the energy density and mode frequencies of the electromagnetic field. Some well-known weak backgrounds are examined and consistency of the results with the literature is shown."
"Different mechanisms operate in various regions of the MSSM parameter space to bring the relic density of the lightest neutralino, , assumed here to be the lightest SUSY particle (LSP) and thus the dark matter (DM) particle, into the range allowed by astrophysics and cosmology. These mechanisms include coannihilation with some nearly degenerate next-to-lightest supersymmetric particle such as the lighter stau , stop or chargino , resonant annihilation via direct-channel heavy Higgs bosons &lt;i&gt;H&lt;i/&gt; / &lt;i&gt;A&lt;i/&gt;, the light Higgs boson &lt;i&gt;h&lt;i/&gt; or the &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; boson, and enhanced annihilation via a larger Higgsino component of the LSP in the focus-point region. These mechanisms typically select lower-dimensional subspaces in MSSM scenarios such as the CMSSM, NUHM1, NUHM2, and pMSSM10. We analyze how future LHC and direct DM searches can complement each other in the exploration of the different DM mechanisms within these scenarios. We find that the coannihilation regions of the CMSSM, NUHM1, NUHM2 can largely be explored at the LHC via searches for events and long-lived charged particles, whereas their &lt;i&gt;H&lt;i/&gt; / &lt;i&gt;A&lt;i/&gt; funnel, focus-point and coannihilation regions can largely be explored by the LZ and Darwin DM direct detection experiments. We find that the dominant DM mechanism in our pMSSM10 analysis is coannihilation: parts of its parameter space can be explored by the LHC, and a larger portion by future direct DM searches."
"We consider an extension of the one-nucleon sector of baryon chiral perturbation theory beyond the low-energy region. The applicability of this approach for higher energies is restricted to small scattering angles, i.e. the kinematical region, where the quark structure of hadrons cannot be resolved. The main idea is to re-arrange the low-energy effective Lagrangian according to a new power counting and to exploit the freedom of the choice of the renormalization condition for loop diagrams. We generalize the extended on-mass-shell scheme for the one-nucleon sector of baryon chiral perturbation theory by choosing a sliding scale, that is, we expand the physical amplitudes around kinematical points beyond the threshold. This requires the introduction of complex-valued renormalized coupling constants, which can be either extracted from experimental data, or calculated using the renormalization group evolution of coupling constants fixed in threshold region."
"CP-odd scalars are an integral part of many extensions of the Standard Model. Recently, electroweak-scale pseudoscalars have received increased attention in explaining the diffuse gamma-ray excess from the Galactic Centre. Elusive due to absence of direct couplings to gauge bosons, these particles receive only weak constraints from direct searches at LEP or searches performed during the first LHC runs. We investigate the LHC’s sensitivity in probing a CP-odd scalar in the mass range  GeV via di-top-associated production using jet-substructure-based reconstruction techniques. We parameterise the scalar’s interactions using a simplified model approach and relate the obtained upper limits to couplings within type-I and type-II 2HDMs as well as the NMSSM. We find that in di-top-associated production, experiments at the LHC can set tight limits on CP-odd scalars that fit the Galactic Centre excess. However, direct sensitivity to light CP-odd scalars from the NMSSM remains challenging."
"In this paper, we construct a new class of charged rotating dilaton black brane solutions, with a complete set of rotation parameters, which is coupled to a nonlinear Maxwell field. The Lagrangian of the matter field has the form of the power-law Maxwell field. We study the causal structure of the spacetime and its physical properties in ample details. We also compute thermodynamic and conserved quantities of the spacetime, such as the temperature, entropy, mass, charge, and angular momentum. We find a Smarr-formula for the mass and verify the validity of the first law of thermodynamics on the black brane horizon. Finally, we investigate the thermal stability of solutions in both the canonical and the grand-canonical ensembles and disclose the effects of dilaton field and nonlinearity of the Maxwell field on the thermal stability of the solutions. We find that, for , charged rotating black brane solutions are thermally stable independent of the values of the other parameters. For , the solutions can encounter an unstable phase depending on the metric parameters."
"A systematic analysis of the junction condition, relating the radial pressure with the heat flow in a shear-free relativistic radiating star, is undertaken. This is a highly nonlinear partial differential equation in general. We obtain the Lie point symmetries that leave the boundary condition invariant. Using a linear combination of the symmetries, we transform the junction condition into ordinary differential equations. We present several new exact solutions to the junction condition. In each case we can identify the exact solution with a Lie point generator. Some of the solutions obtained satisfy the linear barotropic equation of state. As a special case we regain the conformally flat models which were found previously. Our analysis highlights the interplay between Lie algebras, nonlinear differential equations and application to relativistic astrophysics."
"We investigate the dynamical chiral symmetry breaking and its restoration at finite density and temperature within the two-flavor Nambu–Jona–Lasinio model, and mainly focus on the critical behaviors near the critical end point (CEP) and tricritical point (TCP) of quantum chromodynamics. The multi-solution region of the Nambu and Wigner ones is determined in the phase diagram for the massive and massless current quark, respectively. We use the various susceptibilities to locate the CEP/TCP and then extract the critical exponents near them. Our calculations reveal that the various susceptibilities share the same critical behaviors for the physical current quark mass, while they show different features in the chiral limit."
"The effect of dark matter/energy on the gravitational time advancement (negative effective time delay) has been investigated considering a few dark energy/matter models including cosmological constant. It is found that dark energy gives only a (positive) gravitational time delay, irrespective of the position of the observer, whereas a pure Schwarzschild geometry leads to a gravitational time advancement when the observer is situated at a relatively stronger gravitational field point in the light trajectory. Consequently, there will be no time advancement effect at all at radial distances where the gravitational field due to dark energy is stronger than the gravitational field of the Schwarzschild geometry."
"In this paper the holographic model for a hybrid and coexisting s-wave and p-wave Josephson junction is constructed by a triplet charged scalar field coupled with a non-Abelian &lt;i&gt;SU&lt;i/&gt;(2) gauge field in ()-dimensional AdS spacetime. Depending on the value of chemical potential , one can show that there are four types of junctions (s+p-N-s+p, s+p-N-s, s+p-N-p and s-N-p). We show that the DC currents of all the hybrid and coexisting s-wave and p-wave junctions are proportional to the sine of the phase difference across the junction. In addition, the maximum current and the total condensation decay with the width of junction exponentially, respectively. For the s+p-N-s and s-N-p junctions, the maximum current decreases with growing temperature. Moreover, we find that the maximum current increases with growing temperature for the s+p-N-s+p and s+p-N-p junctions, which is different from the behavior of the s+p-N-s and s-N-p junctions."
"The Milky Way is expected to be embedded in a halo of dark matter particles, with the highest density in the central region, and decreasing density with the halo-centric radius. Dark matter might be indirectly detectable at Earth through a flux of stable particles generated in dark matter annihilations and peaked in the direction of the Galactic Center. We present a search for an excess flux of muon (anti-) neutrinos from dark matter annihilation in the Galactic Center using the cubic-kilometer-sized IceCube neutrino detector at the South Pole. There, the Galactic Center is always seen above the horizon. Thus, new and dedicated veto techniques against atmospheric muons are required to make the southern hemisphere accessible for IceCube. We used 319.7 live-days of data from IceCube operating in its 79-string configuration during 2010 and 2011. No neutrino excess was found and the final result is compatible with the background. We present upper limits on the self-annihilation cross-section, , for WIMP masses ranging from 30 GeV up to 10 TeV, assuming cuspy (NFW) and flat-cored (Burkert) dark matter halo profiles, reaching down to  cm s, and  cm s for the channel, respectively."
"We introduce a strategy to study the parameter space of the general, -conserving, two-Higgs-doublet Model (2HDM) with a softly broken -symmetry by means of a new “hybrid” basis. In this basis the input parameters are the measured values of the mass of the observed Standard Model (SM)-like Higgs boson and its coupling strength to vector boson pairs, the mass of the second -even Higgs boson, the ratio of neutral Higgs vacuum expectation values, and three additional dimensionless parameters. Using the hybrid basis, we present numerical scans of the 2HDM parameter space where we survey available parameter regions and analyze model constraints. From these results, we define a number of benchmark scenarios that capture different aspects of non-standard Higgs phenomenology that are of interest for future LHC Higgs searches."
"It has been argued recently that string theory effects qualitatively modify the effective black hole geometry experienced by modes with radial momentum of order . At tree level, these effects can be explicitly worked out in two-dimensional string theory and have a natural explanation in the T-dual description as coming from the integration of the zero mode of the linear dilaton, which yields a contribution that affects the scattering phase shift in a peculiar manner. It has also been argued that the phase-shift modification has its origin in a region of the moduli space that does not belong to the exterior black hole geometry, leading to the conclusion that at high energy the physics of the problem is better described by the dual model. Here, we elaborate on this argument. We consider the contribution of world-sheet instantons in the two-dimensional Euclidean black hole -model and study its influence on the phase shift at high energy."
"It is shown whether Higgs inflation can be saved as high-scale supersymmetry critically depends on the magnitude of the non-minimal coupling constant . For small , the threshold correction at scale is constrained with high precision. Its magnitude is in the narrow range of and for the wino and higgsino–singlino dark matter, respectively. In the large- region with , such high-scale supersymmetry is excluded by a too large threshold correction as required by Higgs inflation."
"A model for S-wave scattering is proposed which could be realistic in an energy range from threshold up to above 1 GeV, where inelasticity is dominated by the channel. The &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;-matrix, satisfying two-channel unitarity, is given in a form which matches the chiral expansion results at order exactly for the , amplitudes and approximately for . It contains six phenomenological parameters. Asymptotic conditions are imposed which ensure a minimal solution of the Muskhelishvili–Omnès problem, thus allowing one to compute the and form factor matrix elements of the scalar current from the &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;-matrix. The phenomenological parameters are determined such as to reproduce the experimental properties of the , resonances, as well as the chiral results of the and scalar radii, which are predicted to be remarkably small at . This &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;-matrix model could be used for a unified treatment of the final-state interaction problem in processes such as , , or the initial-state interaction in ."
"Correlations exhibited by neutrino oscillations are studied via quantum-information theoretic quantities. We show that the strongest type of entanglement, &lt;i&gt;genuine&lt;i/&gt; multipartite entanglement, is persistent in the flavor changing states. We prove the existence of Bell-type nonlocal features, in both its absolute and genuine avatars. Finally, we show that a measure of nonclassicality, dissension, which is a generalization of quantum discord to the tripartite case, is nonzero for almost the entire range of time in the evolution of an initial electron-neutrino. Via these quantum-information theoretic quantities, capturing different aspects of quantum correlations, we elucidate the differences between the flavor types, shedding light on the quantum-information theoretic aspects of the weak force."
"Applying the background field method, we construct by explicit computation the leading-order nonlocal quantum correction to the on-shell effective action for theory in six dimensions. We then use the resulting action to obtain the nonlocal correction to the energy-momentum tensor. At leading order, we find that this nonlocal correction modifies the virial current when the scalar field is minimally coupled to gravity. This is to be compared to the classically Weyl invariant case, where it only corrects the traceless part of the energy-momentum tensor."
"Rare event search experiments using liquid xenon as target and detection medium require ultra-low background levels to fully exploit their physics potential. Cosmic ray induced activation of the detector components and, even more importantly, of the xenon itself during production, transportation and storage at the Earth’s surface, might result in the production of radioactive isotopes with long half-lives, with a possible impact on the expected background. We present the first dedicated study on the cosmogenic activation of xenon after 345 days of exposure to cosmic rays at the Jungfraujoch research station at 3470 m above sea level, complemented by a study of copper which has been activated simultaneously. We have directly observed the production of Be, Rh, Sb, I and Xe in xenon, out of which only Sb could potentially lead to background for a multi-ton scale dark matter search. The production rates for five out of eight studied radioactive isotopes in copper are in agreement with the only existing dedicated activation measurement, while we observe lower rates for the remaining ones. The specific saturation activities for both samples are also compared to predictions obtained with commonly used software packages, where we observe some underpredictions, especially for xenon activation."
"We study the general requirement for supersymmetric AdS solutions in type IIB supergravity. We employ the Killing spinor technique and study the differential and algebraic relations among various Killing spinor bilinears to find the canonical form of the solutions. Our result agrees precisely with the work of Apruzzi et al. (JHEP 1411:099, 2014), which used the pure spinor technique. Hoping to identify the geometry of the problem, we also computed four-dimensional theory through the dimensional reduction of type IIB supergravity on AdS. This effective action is essentially a non-linear sigma model with five scalar fields parametrizing , modified by a scalar potential and coupled to Einstein gravity in Euclidean signature. We argue that the scalar potential can be explained by a subgroup CSO(1,1,1) in a way analogous to gauged supergravity."
"We study the wide angle Compton scattering process on a proton within the soft-collinear factorization (SCET) framework. The main purpose of this work is to estimate the effect due to certain power suppressed corrections. We consider all possible kinematical power corrections and also include the subleading amplitudes describing the scattering with nucleon helicity flip. Under certain assumptions we present a leading-order factorization formula for these amplitudes which includes the hard- and soft-spectator contributions. We apply the formalism and perform a phenomenological analysis of the cross section and asymmetries in the wide angle Compton scattering on a proton. We assume that in the relevant kinematical region where  GeV the dominant contribution is provided by the soft-spectator mechanism. The hard coefficient functions of the corresponding SCET operators are taken in the leading-order approximation. The analysis of existing cross section data shows that the contribution of the helicity-flip amplitudes to this observable is quite small and comparable with other expected theoretical uncertainties. We also show predictions for double polarization observables for which experimental information exists."
"Weakly interacting dark matter particles can be pair-produced at colliders and detected through signatures featuring missing energy in association with either QCD/EW radiation or heavy quarks. In order to constrain the mass and the couplings to standard model particles, accurate and precise predictions for production cross sections and distributions are of prime importance. In this work, we consider various simplified models with &lt;i&gt;s&lt;i/&gt;-channel mediators. We implement such models in the FeynRules/MadGraph5_aMC@NLO framework, which allows to include higher-order QCD corrections in realistic simulations and to study their effect systematically. As a first phenomenological application, we present predictions for dark matter production in association with jets and with a top-quark pair at the LHC, at next-to-leading order accuracy in QCD, including matching/merging to parton showers. Our study shows that higher-order QCD corrections to dark matter production via &lt;i&gt;s&lt;i/&gt;-channel mediators have a significant impact not only on total production rates, but also on shapes of distributions. We also show that the inclusion of next-to-leading order effects results in a sizeable reduction of the theoretical uncertainties."
"We perform a model-independent investigation of spin and chirality correlation effects in the antler-topology processes at high-energy colliders with polarized beams. Generally the production process can occur not only through the &lt;i&gt;s&lt;i/&gt;-channel exchange of vector bosons, , including the neutral Standard Model (SM) gauge bosons, and &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt;, but also through the &lt;i&gt;s&lt;i/&gt;- and &lt;i&gt;t&lt;i/&gt;-channel exchanges of new neutral states, and , and the &lt;i&gt;u&lt;i/&gt;-channel exchange of new doubly charged states, . The general set of (non-chiral) three-point couplings of the new particles and leptons allowed in a renormalizable quantum field theory is considered. The general spin and chirality analysis is based on the threshold behavior of the excitation curves for pair production in collisions with longitudinal- and transverse-polarized beams, the angular distributions in the production process and also the production-decay angular correlations. In the first step, we present the observables in the helicity formalism. Subsequently, we show how a set of observables can be designed for determining the spins and chiral structures of the new particles without any model assumptions. Finally, taking into account a typical set of approximately chiral invariant scenarios, we demonstrate how the spin and chirality effects can be probed experimentally at a high-energy collider."
"Next generation calorimetric experiments for the search of rare events rely on the detection of tiny amounts of light (of the order of 20 optical photons) to discriminate and reduce background sources and improve sensitivity. Calorimetric detectors are the simplest solution for photon detection at cryogenic (mK) temperatures. The development of silicon based light detectors with enhanced performance thanks to the use of the Neganov–Luke effect is described. The aim of this research line is the production of high performance detectors with industrial-grade reproducibility and reliability."
"In this paper, a proposal for the restriction of the Euclidean functional integral to a region free from infinitesimal Gribov copies in linear covariant gauges is discussed. An effective action, akin to the Gribov–Zwanziger action of the Landau gauge, is obtained which implements the aforementioned restriction. Although originally non-local, this action can be cast in local form by introducing auxiliary fields. As in the case of the Landau gauge, dimension two condensates are generated at the quantum level, giving rise to a refinement of the action which is employed to obtain the tree-level gluon propagator in linear covariant gauges. A comparison of our results with those available from numerical lattice simulations is also provided."
"We consider the single-handed spinor field in interaction with its own gravitational field described by the set of field equations given by the Weyl field equations written in terms of derivatives that are covariant with respect to the gravitational connection plus Einstein field equations soured with the energy tensor of the spinor: for the Weyl spinor and the ensuing spacetime of Weyl–Lewis–Papapetrou structure, we find all exact solutions. The obtained solution for the metric tensor is that of a PP-wave spacetime, while the spinor field is a flag-dipole."
"We investigate path integral quantization of two versions of unimodular gravity. First a fully diffeomorphism-invariant theory is analyzed, which does not include a unimodular condition on the metric, while still being equivalent to other unimodular gravity theories at the classical level. The path integral has the same form as in general relativity (GR), except that the cosmological constant is an unspecified value of a variable, and it thus is unrelated to any coupling constant. When the state of the universe is a superposition of vacuum states, the path integral is extended to include an integral over the cosmological constant. Second, we analyze the standard unimodular theory of gravity, where the metric determinant is fixed by a constraint. Its path integral differs from the one of GR in two ways: the metric of spacetime satisfies the unimodular condition only in average over space, and both the Hamiltonian constraint and the associated gauge condition have zero average over space. Finally, the canonical relation between the given unimodular theories of gravity is established."
"Studies of the spin, parity and tensor couplings of the Higgs boson in the , and decay processes at the LHC are presented. The investigations are based on of &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collision data collected by the ATLAS experiment at  TeV and  TeV. The Standard Model (SM) Higgs boson hypothesis, corresponding to the quantum numbers , is tested against several alternative spin scenarios, including non-SM spin-0 and spin-2 models with universal and non-universal couplings to fermions and vector bosons. All tested alternative models are excluded in favour of the SM Higgs boson hypothesis at more than 99.9 % confidence level. Using the and decays, the tensor structure of the interaction between the spin-0 boson and the SM vector bosons is also investigated. The observed distributions of variables sensitive to the non-SM tensor couplings are compatible with the SM predictions and constraints on the non-SM couplings are derived."
"We complement the analysis of the anomalous top-Higgs coupling effects on the secondary lepton distributions in the associated production of the top-quark pair and Higgs boson in proton–proton collisions at the LHC of the former work by one of the present authors by taking into account the quark–antiquark production mechanism. We also present simple arguments which explain why the effects of the scalar and pseudoscalar anomalous couplings on the unpolarized cross section of the process are completely insensitive to the sign of either of them."
"The current PDF4LHC recommendation to estimate uncertainties due to parton distribution functions (PDFs) in theoretical predictions for LHC processes involves the combination of separate predictions computed using PDF sets from different groups, each of which comprises a relatively large number of either Hessian eigenvectors or Monte Carlo (MC) replicas. While many fixed-order and parton shower programs allow the evaluation of PDF uncertainties for a single PDF set at no additional CPU cost, this feature is not universal, and, moreover, the a posteriori combination of the predictions using at least three different PDF sets is still required. In this work, we present a strategy for the statistical combination of individual PDF sets, based on the MC representation of Hessian sets, followed by a compression algorithm for the reduction of the number of MC replicas. We illustrate our strategy with the combination and compression of the recent NNPDF3.0, CT14 and MMHT14 NNLO PDF sets. The resulting compressed Monte Carlo PDF sets are validated at the level of parton luminosities and LHC inclusive cross sections and differential distributions. We determine that around 100 replicas provide an adequate representation of the probability distribution for the original combined PDF set, suitable for general applications to LHC phenomenology."
"Observations indicate that most of the universal matter is invisible and the gravitational constant &lt;i&gt;G&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;t&lt;i/&gt;) maybe depends on time. A theory of the variational &lt;i&gt;G&lt;i/&gt; (VG) is explored in this paper, naturally producing the useful dark components in the universe. We utilize the following observational data: lookback time data, model-independent gamma ray bursts, growth function of matter linear perturbations, type Ia supernovae data with systematic errors, CMB, and BAO, to restrict the unified model (UM) of dark components in VG theory. Using the best-fit values of the parameters with the covariance matrix, constraints on the variation of &lt;i&gt;G&lt;i/&gt; are and , with small uncertainties around the constants. The limit on the equation of state of dark matter is , assuming in the unified model, and the dark energy is , assuming a priori. The restrictions on the UM parameters are and with and confidence level. In addition, the effects of a cosmic string fluid on the unified model in VG theory are investigated. In this case it is found that the CDM (, , and ) is included in this VG-UM model at confidence level, and larger errors are given: (dimensionless energy density of cosmic string), , and ."
"We show that dark energy and dark matter can be described simultaneously by ordinary Einstein gravity interacting with a single scalar field provided the scalar field Lagrangian couples in a symmetric fashion to two different spacetime volume forms (covariant integration measure densities) on the spacetime manifold – one standard Riemannian given by (square root of the determinant of the pertinent Riemannian metric) and another non-Riemannian volume form independent of the Riemannian metric, defined in terms of an auxiliary antisymmetric tensor gauge field of maximal rank. Integration of the equations of motion of the latter auxiliary gauge field produce an a priori arbitrary integration constant that plays the role of a &lt;i&gt;dynamically generated&lt;i/&gt; cosmological constant or dark energy. Moreover, the above modified scalar field action turns out to possess a &lt;i&gt;hidden&lt;i/&gt; Noether symmetry whose associated conserved current describes a pressureless “dust” fluid which we can identify with the dark matter completely decoupled from the dark energy. The form of both the dark energy and dark matter that results from the above class of models is insensitive to the specific form of the scalar field Lagrangian. By adding an appropriate perturbation, which breaks the above hidden symmetry and along with this couples dark matter and dark energy, we also suggest a way to obtain growing dark energy in the present universe’s epoch without evolution pathologies."
"In this article we propose a class of extremely light feebly interacting massive particle, FI&lt;i&gt;m&lt;i/&gt;Ps. They are combination of feebly interacting massive particle with scale invariance, by which DM stability, mass origin and relic density are inherently related. In the scale invariant version of the Standard Model (SM) with three right-handed neutrinos (SISM), the lightest realizes the FI&lt;i&gt;m&lt;i/&gt;P scenario. In this example scalar singlets, which are intrinsic to the SISM, generate mass and relic density for this FI&lt;i&gt;m&lt;i/&gt;P simultaneously. Moreover, they are badly needed for electroweak symmetry spontaneously breaking. Interestingly, a 7.1 keV with correct relic density, which can explain the recent 3.55 keV X-ray line, lies in the bulk parameter space of our model."
"The observation of Higgs decays into heavy neutrinos would be strong evidence for new physics associated to neutrino masses. In this work we propose a search for such decays within the Type I Seesaw model in the few-GeV mass range via displaced vertices. Using 300 fb of integrated luminosity, at 13 TeV, we explore the region of parameter space where such decays are measurable. We show that, after imposing pseudorapidity cuts, there still exists a region where the number of events is larger than . We also find that conventional triggers can greatly limit the sensitivity of our signal, so we display several relevant kinematical distributions which might aid in the optimization of a dedicated trigger selection."
"We discuss the potential impacts on the CMSSM of future LHC runs and possible and higher-energy proton–proton colliders, considering searches for supersymmetry via   events, precision electroweak physics, Higgs measurements and dark matter searches. We validate and present estimates of the physics reach for exclusion or discovery of supersymmetry via searches at the LHC, which should cover the low-mass regions of the CMSSM parameter space favoured in a recent global analysis. As we illustrate with a low-mass benchmark point, a discovery would make possible accurate LHC measurements of sparticle masses using the MT2 variable, which could be combined with cross-section and other measurements to constrain the gluino, squark and stop masses and hence the soft supersymmetry-breaking parameters and of the CMSSM. Slepton measurements at CLIC would enable and to be determined with high precision. If supersymmetry is indeed discovered in the low-mass region, precision electroweak and Higgs measurements with a future circular collider (FCC-ee, also known as TLEP) combined with LHC measurements would provide tests of the CMSSM at the loop level. If supersymmetry is not discovered at the LHC, it is likely to lie somewhere along a focus-point, stop-coannihilation strip or direct-channel &lt;i&gt;A&lt;i/&gt; / &lt;i&gt;H&lt;i/&gt; resonance funnel. We discuss the prospects for discovering supersymmetry along these strips at a future circular proton–proton collider such as FCC-hh. Illustrative benchmark points on these strips indicate that also in this case FCC-ee could provide tests of the CMSSM at the loop level."
"The exact nature of the chiral crossover in QCD is still under investigation. In and lattice simulations with staggered fermions the expected O(&lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt;)-scaling behavior was observed. However, it is still not clear whether this behavior falls into the O(2) or O(4) universality class. To resolve this issue, a careful scaling and finite-size scaling analysis of the lattice results are needed. We use a functional renormalization group to perform a new investigation of the finite-size scaling regions in O(2)- and O(4)-models. We also investigate the behavior of the critical fluctuations by means of the 4th-order Binder cumulant. The finite-size analysis of this quantity provides an additional way for determining the universality class of the chiral transition in lattice QCD."
"This paper describes the PySLHA package, a Python language module and program collection for reading, writing and visualising SUSY model data in the SLHA format. PySLHA can read and write SLHA data in a very general way, including the official SLHA2 extension and user customisations, and with arbitrarily deep indexing of data block entries and a dedicated, intuitive interface for particle data and decay information. The draft SLHA3 &lt;b&gt;XSECTION&lt;b/&gt; feature is also fully supported. PySLHA can additionally read and write the legacy ISAWIG model format, and provides format conversion scripts. A publication-quality mass spectrum and decay chain plotting tool, &lt;b&gt;slhaplot&lt;b/&gt;, is included in the package."
"The paper presents studies of Bose–Einstein Correlations (BEC) for pairs of like-sign charged particles measured in the kinematic range  100 MeV and  2.5 in proton collisions at centre-of-mass energies of 0.9 and 7 TeV with the ATLAS detector at the CERN Large Hadron Collider. The integrated luminosities are approximately 7 b, 190 b and 12.4 nb for 0.9 TeV, 7 TeV minimum-bias and 7 TeV high-multiplicity data samples, respectively. The multiplicity dependence of the BEC parameters characterizing the correlation strength and the correlation source size are investigated for charged-particle multiplicities of up to 240. A saturation effect in the multiplicity dependence of the correlation source size parameter is observed using the high-multiplicity 7 TeV data sample. The dependence of the BEC parameters on the average transverse momentum of the particle pair is also investigated."
"The soft wall model in holographic QCD has Regge trajectories but wrong operator product expansion (OPE) for the two-point vectorial QCD Green function. We modify the dilaton potential to comply with the OPE. We study also the axial two-point function using the same modified dilaton field and an additional scalar field to address chiral symmetry breaking. OPE is recovered adding a boundary term and low energy chiral parameters, and , are well described analytically by the model in terms of Regge spacing and QCD condensates. The model nicely supports and extends previous theoretical analyses advocating Digamma function to study QCD two-point functions in different momentum regions."
"Motivated by black hole solutions with matter fields outside their horizon, we study the effect of these matter fields on the motion of massless and massive particles. We consider as background a four-dimensional asymptotically AdS black hole with scalar hair. The geodesics are studied numerically and we discuss the differences in the motion of particles between the four-dimensional asymptotically AdS black holes with scalar hair and their no-hair limit, that is, Schwarzschild AdS black holes. Mainly, we found that there are bounded orbits like planetary orbits in this background. However, the periods associated to circular orbits are modified by the presence of the scalar hair. Besides, we found that some classical tests such as perihelion precession, deflection of light, and gravitational time delay have the standard value of general relativity plus a correction term coming from the cosmological constant and the scalar hair. Finally, we found a specific value of the parameter associated to the scalar hair, in order to explain the discrepancy between the theory and the observations, for the perihelion precession of Mercury and light deflection."
NaN
"Low energy QCD (below 2 GeV) is a region of resonance dynamics, sometimes lacking a satisfactory description as compared to the precision of available experimental data. Hadronic decays offer a probe for such an energy regime. In general, the predictions for decays are model dependent, with parameters fitted to experimental results. The parameterizations differ by the amount of assumptions and theoretical requirements taken into account. Both model distributions and acquired data samples used for the fits are the results of a complex effort. In this paper, we investigate the main parameterizations of decay matrix elements for the one- and three-prong channels of three-pion decays. The differences in analytical forms of the currents and resulting distributions used for comparison with the experimental data are studied. We use invariant mass spectra of all possible pion pairs and the whole three-pion system. Also three-dimensional histograms spanned over all distinct squared invariant masses are used to represent the results of models and experimental data. We present distributions from TAUOLA Monte Carlo generation and a semi-analytical calculation. These are necessary steps in the development for fitting in an as model-independent way as possible, and to explore multi-million event experimental data samples. This includes the response of distributions to model variants, and/or numerical values of the parameters. The interference effects of the currents’ parts are also studied. For technical purposes, weighted events are introduced. Even though we focus on modes, technical aspects of our study are relevant for all decay modes into three hadrons."
"We study the screening length of a moving quark–antiquark pair in a hot plasma, which lives in a two sphere, , using the AdS/CFT correspondence in which the corresponding background metric is the four-dimensional Schwarzschild–AdS black hole. The geodesic of both ends of the string at the boundary, interpreted as the quark–antiquark pair, is given by a stationary motion in the equatorial plane by which the separation length &lt;i&gt;L&lt;i/&gt; of both ends of the string is parallel to the angular velocity . The screening length and total energy &lt;i&gt;H&lt;i/&gt; of the quark–antiquark pair are computed numerically and show that the plots are bounded from below by some functions related to the momentum transfer of the drag force configuration. We compare the result by computing the screening length in the reference frame of the moving quark–antiquark pair, in which the background metrics are “Boost-AdS” and Kerr–AdS black holes. Comparing both black holes, we argue that the mass parameters of the Schwarzschild–AdS black hole and of the Kerr–AdS black hole are related at high temperature by , where &lt;i&gt;a&lt;i/&gt; is the angular momentum parameter and &lt;i&gt;l&lt;i/&gt; is the AdS curvature."
"We construct a toy model for compact stars based on the Finslerian structure of spacetime. By assuming a particular mass function, we find an exact solution of the Finsler–Einstein field equations with an anisotropic matter distribution. The solutions are revealed to be physically interesting and pertinent for the explanation of compact stars."
"The probability distribution for the effective Majorana mass as a function of the lightest neutrino mass in the standard three neutrino scheme is computed via a random sampling from the distributions of the involved mixing angles and squared mass differences. A flat distribution in the range for the Majorana phases is assumed, and the dependence of small values of the effective mass on the Majorana phases is highlighted. The study is then extended with the addition of the cosmological bound on the sum of the neutrino masses. Finally, the prospects for decay search with Ge, Te and Xe are discussed, as well as those for the measurement of the electron neutrino mass."
"Properties of the motion of electrically charged particles in the background of the Gibbons–Maeda–Garfinkle–Horowitz–Strominger black hole is presented in this paper. Radial and angular motions are studied analytically for different values of the fundamental parameter. Therefore, &lt;i&gt;gravitational Rutherford scattering&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;Keplerian orbits&lt;i/&gt; are analyzed in detail. Finally, this paper complements previous work by Fernando for null geodesics (Phys Rev D 85:024033, 2012), Olivares and Villanueva (Eur Phys J C 73:2659, 2013) and Blaga (Automat Comp Appl Math 22:41–48, 2013; Serb Astron 190:41, 2015) for time-like geodesics."
"We discuss unimodular gravity at a classical level, and in terms of its extension into the UV through an appropriate path integral representation. Classically, unimodular gravity is locally a gauge fixed version of general relativity (GR), and as such it yields identical dynamics and physical predictions. We clarify this and explain why there is no sense in which it can “bring a new perspective” to the cosmological constant problem. The quantum equivalence between unimodular gravity and GR is more of a subtle question, but we present an argument that suggests one can always maintain the equivalence up to arbitrarily high momenta. As a corollary to this, we argue, whenever inequivalence is seen at the quantum level, that just means we have &lt;i&gt;defined&lt;i/&gt; two different quantum theories that happen to share a classical limit. We also present a number of alternative formulations for a covariant unimodular action, some of which have not appeared, to our knowledge, in the literature before."
"We study the excitation of axial quasi-normal modes of deformed non-rotating black holes by test particles and we compare the associated gravitational wave signal with that expected in general relativity from a Schwarzschild black hole. Deviations from standard predictions are quantified by an effective deformation parameter, which takes into account deviations from both the Schwarzschild metric and the Einstein equations. We show that, at least in the case of non-rotating black holes, it is possible to test the metric around the compact object, in the sense that the measurement of the gravitational wave spectrum can constrain possible deviations from the Schwarzschild solution."
"In a previous paper (Nie et al. in JHEP 1311:087, arXiv:1309.2204 [hep-th], 2013), we presented a holographic s  p superconductor model with a scalar triplet charged under an SU(2) gauge field in the bulk. We also study the competition and coexistence of the s-wave and p-wave orders in the probe limit. In this work we continue to study the model by considering the full back-reaction. The model shows a rich phase structure and various condensate behaviors such as the “n-type” and “u-type” ones, which are also known as reentrant phase transitions in condensed matter physics. The phase transitions to the p-wave phase or s  p coexisting phase become first order in strong back-reaction cases. In these first order phase transitions, the free energy curve always forms a swallow tail shape, in which the unstable s  p solution can also play an important role. The phase diagrams of this model are given in terms of the dimension of the scalar order and the temperature in the cases of eight different values of the back-reaction parameter, which show that the region for the s  p coexisting phase is enlarged with a small or medium back-reaction parameter but is reduced in the strong back-reaction cases."
"In this paper we proceed to study the high energy behavior of scattering amplitudes in a simple field model, with the Higgs mechanism for the gauge boson mass. The spectrum of the &lt;i&gt;j&lt;i/&gt;-plane singularities of the &lt;i&gt;t&lt;i/&gt;-channel partial waves and the corresponding eigenfunctions of the BFKL equation in leading approximation were previously calculated numerically. Here we develop a semiclassical approach to investigate the influence of the exponential decrease of the impact parameter dependence existing in this model, on the high energy asymptotic behavior of the scattering amplitude. This approach is much simpler than our earlier numerical calculations, and it reproduces those results. The analytical (semi-analytical) solutions which have been found in the approximation can be used to incorporate correctly the large impact parameter behavior in the framework of CGC/saturation approach. This behavior is interesting as it provides the high energy amplitude for the electroweak theory, which can be measured experimentally."
"We study the CP-violation effects from two types of neutrino mass matrices with (i) , and (ii) , which can be realized by the high-dimensional lepton number violating operators and , respectively. In (i), the neutrino mass spectrum is in the normal ordering with the lightest neutrino mass within the range . Furthermore, for a given value of , there are two solutions for the two Majorana phases and , whereas the Dirac phase is arbitrary. For (ii), the parameters of , , , and can be completely determined. We calculate the CP-violating asymmetries in neutrino–antineutrino oscillations for both mass textures of (i) and (ii), which are closely related to the CP-violating Majorana phases."
"We address the longitudinal proton structure function, , from the -factorization formalism by using the unintegrated parton distribution functions (UPDF) which are generated through the KMR and MRW procedures. The LO UPDF of the KMR prescription is extracted, by taking into account the PDF of Martin et al, i.e., MSTW2008-LO and MRST99-NLO, and next the NLO UPDF of the MRW scheme is generated through the set of MSTW2008-NLO PDF as the input. The different aspects of in the two approaches, as well as its perturbative and non-perturbative parts, are calculated. Then the comparison of is made with the data given by the ZEUS and H1 collaborations. It is demonstrated that the extracted , based on the UPDF of two schemes, are consistent with the experimental data, and to a good approximation they are independent of the input PDF. But the one developed from the KMR prescription has better agreement with the data with respect to that of MRW. As has been suggested, by lowering the factorization scale or the Bjorken variable in the related experiments it may be possible to analyze the present theoretical approaches more accurately."
"For an exact quantitative description of spectral properties of synchrotron radiation (SR), the concept of effective width of the spectrum is introduced. In the most interesting case, which corresponds to the ultrarelativistic limit of SR, the effective width of the spectrum is calculated for the polarization components, and new physically important quantitative information on the structure of spectral distributions is obtained. For the first time, the spectral distribution for the circular polarization component of the SR for the upper half-space is obtained within classical theory."
"This review summarizes the results of the activities which have taken place in 2014 within the Standard Model Working Group of the “What Next” Workshop organized by INFN, Italy. We present a framework, general questions, and some indications of possible answers on the main issue for Standard Model physics in the LHC era and in view of possible future accelerators."
"We investigate the horizon structure and ergosphere in a rotating Bardeen regular black hole, which has an additional parameter (&lt;i&gt;g&lt;i/&gt;) due to the magnetic charge, apart from the mass (&lt;i&gt;M&lt;i/&gt;) and the rotation parameter (&lt;i&gt;a&lt;i/&gt;). Interestingly, for each value of the parameter &lt;i&gt;g&lt;i/&gt;, there exists a critical rotation parameter (), which corresponds to an extremal black hole with degenerate horizons, while for it describes a non-extremal black hole with two horizons, and no black hole for . We find that the extremal value is also influenced by the parameter &lt;i&gt;g&lt;i/&gt;, and so is the ergosphere. While the value of remarkably decreases when compared with the Kerr black hole, the ergosphere becomes thicker with the increase in &lt;i&gt;g&lt;i/&gt;. We also study the collision of two equal mass particles near the horizon of this black hole, and explicitly show the effect of the parameter &lt;i&gt;g&lt;i/&gt;. The center-of-mass energy () not only depend on the rotation parameter &lt;i&gt;a&lt;i/&gt;, but also on the parameter &lt;i&gt;g&lt;i/&gt;. It is demonstrated that the could be arbitrarily high in the extremal cases when one of the colliding particles has a critical angular momentum, thereby suggesting that the rotating Bardeen regular black hole can act as a particle accelerator."
"We consider the class of higher derivative 3&lt;i&gt;d&lt;i/&gt; vector field models with the field equation operator being a polynomial of the Chern–Simons operator. For the &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt;th-order theory of this type, we provide a general recipe for constructing &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt;-parameter family of conserved second rank tensors. The family includes the canonical energy-momentum tensor, which is unbounded, while there are bounded conserved tensors that provide classical stability of the system for certain combinations of the parameters in the Lagrangian. We also demonstrate the examples of consistent interactions which are compatible with the requirement of stability."
"We establish solutions corresponding to AdS static charged black holes with inhomogeneous two-dimensional horizon surfaces of constant curvature. Depending on the choice of the 2D constant curvature space, the metric potential of the internal geometry of the horizon satisfies the elliptic wave/elliptic Liouville equations. We calculate the charge diffusion and transport coefficients in the hydrodynamic limit of gauge/gravity duality and observe the exponential suppression in the diffusion coefficient and in the shear viscosity-per-entropy density ratio in the presence of an inhomogeneity on black hole horizons with planar, spherical, and hyperbolic geometry. We discuss the subtleties of the approach developed for a planar black hole with inhomogeneity distribution on the horizon surface in more detail and find, among others, a trial distribution function, which generates values of the shear viscosity-per-entropy density ratio falling within the experimentally relevant range. The solutions obtained are also extended to higher-dimensional AdS space. We observe two different DC conductivities in 4D and higher-dimensional effective strongly coupled dual media and formulate conditions under which the appropriate ratio of different conductivities is qualitatively the same as that observed in an anisotropic strongly coupled fluid. We briefly discuss ways of how the Liouville field could appear in condensed matter physics and outline prospects of further employing the gauge/gravity duality in CMP problems."
"The observed decay is a natural consequence of the diquark–antidiquark description of &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt; resonances. In this note we attempt an estimate of the transition rate through a non-relativistic calculation of the electric dipole term of a diquarkonium bound state. Combining with BESIII data, upper bounds to and to are obtained. We expect to confront these results with forthcoming data from electron–positron and hadron colliders."
"The conventional Tolman temperature based on the assumption of the traceless condition of energy-momentum tensor for matter fields is infinite at the horizon if Hawking radiation is involved. However, we note that the temperature associated with Hawking radiation is of relevance to the trace anomaly, which means that the traceless condition should be released. So, a trace anomaly-induced Stefan-Boltzmann law is newly derived by employing the first law of thermodynamics and the property of the temperature independence of the trace anomaly. Then, the Tolman temperature is quantum-mechanically generalized according to the anomaly-induced Stefan-Boltzmann law. In an exactly soluble model, we show that the Tolman factor does not appear in the generalized Tolman temperature which is eventually finite everywhere, in particular, vanishing at the horizon. It turns out that the equivalence principle survives at the horizon with the help of the quantum principle, and some puzzles related to the Tolman temperature are also resolved."
"We study the spherically symmetric collapsing star in terms of dynamical instability. We take the framework of extended teleparallel gravity with a non-diagonal tetrad, a power-law form of the model presenting torsion and a matter distribution as a non-dissipative anisotropic fluid. The vanishing shear scalar condition is adopted to gain insight in a collapsing star. We apply a first order linear perturbation scheme to the metric, the matter, and &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) functions. The dynamical equations are formulated under this perturbation scheme to develop collapsing equation for finding dynamical instability limits in two regimes, such as the Newtonian and the post-Newtonian regime. We obtain a constraint-free solution of a perturbed time dependent part with the help of a vanishing shear scalar. The adiabatic index exhibits the instability ranges through the second dynamical equation which depend on physical quantities such as the density, the pressure components, the perturbed parts of the symmetry of the star, etc. We also develop some constraints on the positivity of these quantities and obtain instability ranges to satisfy the dynamical instability condition."
"We consider the &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(3872) resonance as a hadronic molecule. According to heavy quark spin symmetry, there will exist a partner with quantum numbers , , which would be a loosely bound state. The is expected to decay dominantly into , and in &lt;i&gt;d&lt;i/&gt;-wave. In this work, we calculate the decay widths of the resonance into the above channels, as well as those of its bottom partner, , the mass of which comes from assuming heavy flavor symmetry for the contact terms. We find partial widths of the and of the order of a few MeV. Finally, we also study the radiative and decays. These decay modes are more sensitive to the long-distance structure of the resonances and to the or final state interaction."
"The low-background, VUV-sensitive 3-inch diameter photomultiplier tube R11410 has been developed by Hamamatsu for dark matter direct detection experiments using liquid xenon as the target material. We present the results from the joint effort between the XENON collaboration and the Hamamatsu company to produce a highly radio-pure photosensor (version R11410-21) for the XENON1T dark matter experiment. After introducing the photosensor and its components, we show the methods and results of the radioactive contamination measurements of the individual materials employed in the photomultiplier production. We then discuss the adopted strategies to reduce the radioactivity of the various PMT versions. Finally, we detail the results from screening 286 tubes with ultra-low background germanium detectors, as well as their implications for the expected electronic and nuclear recoil background of the XENON1T experiment."
"We have set up a light scattering spectrometer to study the depolarization of light scattering in linear alkylbenzene. The scattering spectra show that the depolarized part of light scattering is due to Rayleigh scattering. The additional depolarized Rayleigh scattering can make the effective transparency of linear alkylbenzene much better than expected. Therefore, sufficient scintillation photons can transmit through large liquid scintillator detector, such as that of the JUNO experiment. Our study is crucial to achieving an unprecedented energy resolution of 3 %/ required for the JUNO experiment to determine the neutrino mass hierarchy. The spectroscopic method can also be used to examine the depolarization of other organic solvents used in neutrino experiments."
"During the inflationary epoch, the geometry of the universe may be described by a quasi-de Sitter space. On the other hand, the maximally extended de Sitter metric in the comoving coordinates accords with a special FLRW model with positive spatial curvature; therefore, the focus of the present paper is on the positively curved inflationary paradigm, for which we first of all derive the power spectra of comoving curvature perturbation and primordial gravitational waves in a positively curved FLRW universe according to the slowly rolling inflationary scenario. It can be shown that the curvature spectral index in this model automatically has a small negative running parameter, compatible with observational measurements. Afterwards, by taking into account the curvature factor, it investigates the relative amplitude of the scalar and tensor perturbations, clarifying that the tensor–scalar ratio for this model, against the spatially flat one, directly depends on the wavelength of the perturbative modes."
"We propose a parametrization for interpreting some of the presently available data of the decay, in particular those by the LHCb and Belle Collaborations. The model is inspired by the well-known current and transition contributions, usually assumed in this kind of decay. However, in the light of considerations as regards the dominant diagrams and final state interactions, we modify some parameters of the model, determining them by means of a best fit to the data. We show the results, which we discuss in some detail. Moreover, we give some predictions on other observables relative to the decays."
"The normalized differential cross section for top quark pair () production is measured in pp collisions at a centre-of-mass energy of 8 at the CERN LHC using the CMS detector in data corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 19.7. The measurements are performed in the leptonjets ( jets) and in the dilepton (, , and ) decay channels. The cross section is measured as a function of the kinematic properties of the charged leptons, the jets associated to b quarks, the top quarks, and the system. The data are compared with several predictions from perturbative quantum chromodynamic up to approximate next-to-next-to-leading-order precision. No significant deviations are observed relative to the standard model predictions."
"A well-established phenomenon in general relativity is the dragging of inertial frames by a spinning object. In particular, due to the dragging of inertial frames by a ring orbiting a central black hole, the angular velocity of the black-hole horizon in the composed black-hole–ring system is &lt;i&gt;no&lt;i/&gt; longer related to the black-hole angular momentum by the simple Kerr-like (vacuum) relation (here &lt;i&gt;M&lt;i/&gt; and are the mass and horizon-radius of the black hole, respectively). Will has performed a perturbative treatment of the composed black-hole–ring system in the regime of &lt;i&gt;slowly&lt;i/&gt; rotating black holes and found the explicit relation for the angular velocity of a central black hole with zero angular momentum, where and &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt; are respectively the angular momentum of the orbiting ring and its proper circumferential radius. Analyzing a sequence of black-hole–ring configurations with adiabatically varying (decreasing) circumferential radii, we show that the expression found by Will for implies a &lt;i&gt;smooth&lt;i/&gt; transition of the central black-hole angular velocity from its asymptotic near-horizon value (that is, just &lt;i&gt;before&lt;i/&gt; the assimilation of the ring by the central black hole), to its final Kerr (vacuum) value [that is, &lt;i&gt;after&lt;i/&gt; the adiabatic assimilation of the ring by the central black hole. Here , , and are the new parameters of the resulting Kerr (vacuum) black hole after it assimilated the orbiting ring]. We use this important observation in order to generalize the result of Will to the regime of black-hole–ring configurations in which the central black holes possess non-zero angular momenta. In particular, it is shown that the continuity argument (namely, the characteristic &lt;i&gt;smooth&lt;i/&gt; evolution of the black-hole angular velocity during an adiabatic assimilation process of the ring into the central black hole) yields a concrete prediction for the angular-velocity/angular-momentum asymptotic functional relation of &lt;i&gt;generic&lt;i/&gt; (that is, with ) black-hole–ring configurations. Remarkably, we find the simple &lt;i&gt;universal&lt;i/&gt; relation for the asymptotic deviation of the black-hole angular velocity in the composed black-hole–ring system from the corresponding angular velocity of the unperturbed (vacuum) Kerr black hole with the &lt;i&gt;same&lt;i/&gt; angular momentum."
"Recently we have shown that for -dimensional thin-shell wormholes a non-circular throat may lead to a physical wormhole in the sense that the energy conditions are satisfied. By the same token, herein we consider an angular dependent throat geometry embedded in a -dimensional flat spacetime in polar coordinates. It is shown that, remarkably, a generic, natural example of the throat geometry is provided by a hypocycloid. That is, two flat dimensions are glued together along a hypocycloid. The energy required in each hypocycloid increases with the frequency of the roller circle inside the large one."
"As an extension of previous works on classical tests of Kaluza–Klein (KK) gravity and as an attempt to find more stringent constraints on this theory, its effects on physical experiments and astronomical observations conducted in the Solar System are studied. We investigate the gravitational time delay at inferior conjunction caused by KK gravity, and use new Solar System ephemerides and the observation of &lt;i&gt;Cassini&lt;i/&gt; to strengthen constraints on KK gravity by up to two orders of magnitude. These improved upper bounds mean that the fifth-dimensional space in the soliton case is a very flat extra dimension in the Solar System, even in the vicinity of the Sun."
"We have derived effective gravitational field equations on a lower dimensional hypersurface (known as a brane), placed in a higher dimensional bulk spacetime for both Einstein and gravity theories. We have started our analysis on the &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt;-dimensional bulk from which the effective field equations on a -dimensional brane have been obtained by imposing symmetry. Subsequently, we have arrived at the effective equations in dimensions starting from the effective equations for -dimensional brane. This analysis has been carried out and is used to obtain the effective field equations for an -dimensional brane, embedded in a &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt;-dimensional bulk. Having obtained the effective field equations in Einstein gravity, we have subsequently generalized the effective field equation for an -dimensional brane which is embedded in the &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt;-dimensional bulk spacetime endowed with gravity. We have also presented applications of our results in the context of Einstein and gravity. In both cases we have discussed static spherically symmetric vacuum solutions as well as solutions in a cosmological context. Implications are also discussed."
"The ATLAS and CMS collaborations recently recorded possible excess in the di-boson production at the di-boson invariant mass at around 2 TeV. Such an excess may be produced if there exist additional and/or at that scale. We survey the extra s and s that may arise from semi-realistic heterotic-string vacua in the free fermionic formulation in the seven distinct cases: ; family universal ; non-universal ; hidden sector &lt;i&gt;U&lt;i/&gt;(1) symmetries and kinetic mixing; left–right symmetric models; Pati–Salam models; leptophobic and custodial symmetries. Each case has a distinct signature associated with the extra symmetry breaking scale. In one of the cases we explore the discovery potential at the LHC using resonant leptoproduction. The existence of an extra vector boson with the reported properties will significantly constrain the space of allowed string vacua."
"We study the localized direct CP violation in the hadronic decays , including the effect caused by an interesting mechanism involving the charge symmetry violating mixing between and . We calculate the localized integrated direct CP violation when the low invariant mass of [] is near . For the five models of form factors investigated, we find that the localized integrated direct CP violation varies from to in the ranges of parameters in our model when  GeV. This result, especially the sign, agrees with the experimental data and is independent of the form factor models. The new experimental data shows that the signs of the localized integrated CP asymmetries in the regions and  GeV are positive and negative, respectively. We find that – mixing makes the localized integrated CP asymmetry move toward the negative direction, and therefore contributes to the sign change in those two regions. This behavior is also independent of the form factor models. We also calculate the localized integrated direct CP violating asymmetries in the regions , and the whole region  GeV and find that they agree with the experimental data in some models of the form factors."
NaN
"We investigate dijet production from proton-nucleus collisions at the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) as a means for observing superfast quarks in nuclei with Bjorken . Kinematically, superfast quarks can be identified through directly measurable jet kinematics. Dynamically, their description requires understanding several elusive properties of nuclear QCD, such as nuclear forces at very short distances, as well as medium modification of parton distributions in nuclei. In the present work, we develop a model for nuclear parton distributions at large &lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt; in which the nuclear dynamics at short distance scales are described by two- and three-nucleon short range correlations (SRCs). Nuclear modifications are accounted for using the color screening model, and an improved description of the EMC effect is reached by using a structure function parametrization that includes higher-twist contributions. We apply QCD evolution at the leading order to obtain nuclear parton distributions in the kinematic regime of the LHC, and based on the obtained distributions calculate the cross section for dijet production. We find that the rates of the dijet production in &lt;i&gt;pA&lt;i/&gt; collisions at kinematics accessible by ATLAS and CMS are sufficient not only to observe superfast quarks but also to get information about the practically unexplored three-nucleon SRCs in nuclei. Additionally, the LHC can extend our knowledge of the EMC effect to large where higher-twist effects are negligible."
"In this work some families of relativistic anisotropic charged fluid spheres have been obtained by solving the Einstein–Maxwell field equations with a preferred form of one of the metric potentials, and suitable forms of electric charge distribution and pressure anisotropy functions. The resulting equation of state (EOS) of the matter distribution has been obtained. Physical analysis shows that the relativistic stellar structure for the matter distribution considered in this work may reasonably model an electrically charged compact star whose energy density associated with the electric fields is on the same order of magnitude as the energy density of fluid matter itself (e.g., electrically charged &lt;i&gt;bare&lt;i/&gt; strange stars). Furthermore these models permit a simple method of systematically fixing bounds on the maximum possible mass of cold compact electrically charged self-bound stars. It has been demonstrated, numerically, that the maximum compactness and mass increase in the presence of an electric field and anisotropic pressures. Based on the analytic models developed in this present work, the values of some relevant physical quantities have been calculated by assuming the estimated masses and radii of some well-known potential strange star candidates like PSR J1614-2230, PSR J1903+327, Vela X-1, and 4U 1820-30."
"The spacetime singularities in classical general relativity are inevitable, as predicated by the celebrated singularity theorems. However, it is a general belief that singularities do not exist in Nature and that they are the limitations of the general relativity. In the absence of a well-defined quantum gravity, models of regular black holes have been studied. We employ a probability distribution inspired mass function &lt;i&gt;m&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;r&lt;i/&gt;) to replace the Kerr black hole mass &lt;i&gt;M&lt;i/&gt; to represent a nonsingular rotating black hole that is identified asymptotically (, constant) exactly as the Kerr–Newman black hole, and as the Kerr black hole when . The radiating counterpart renders a nonsingular generalization of Carmeli’s spacetime as well as Vaidya’s spacetime, in the appropriate limits. The exponential correction factor changing the geometry of the classical black hole to remove the curvature singularity can also be motivated by quantum arguments. The regular rotating spacetime can also be understood as a black hole of general relativity coupled to nonlinear electrodynamics."
"We report on the development and construction of the high-purity germanium spectrometer setup GIOVE (Germanium Inner Outer VEto), recently built and now operated at the shallow underground laboratory of the Max-Planck-Institut für Kernphysik, Heidelberg. Particular attention was paid to the design of a novel passive and active shield, aiming at efficient rejection of environmental and muon induced radiation backgrounds. The achieved sensitivity level of 100 Bq kg for primordial radionuclides from U and Th in typical ray sample screening measurements is unique among instruments located at comparably shallow depths and can compete with instruments at far deeper underground sites."
"We consider here a robust study of stellar dynamics for white dwarf stars with polytropic matter in the weak-field approximation using the Lane–Emden equation from the brane-world scenario. We also derive an analytical solution to the nonlocal energy density and show the behavior and sensitivity of these stars to the presence of extra dimensions. Similarly, we analyze stability and compactness, in order to show whether it is possible to agree with the conventional wisdom of white dwarfs dynamics. Our results predict an average value of the brane tension of , with a standard deviation , which comes from a sample of dwarf stars, being weaker than other astrophysical observations but remaining higher than cosmological results provided by nucleosynthesis among others."
"The vector channel spectral function at zero spatial momentum is calculated at next-to-leading order in thermal QCD for any quark mass. It corresponds to the imaginary part of the massive quark contribution to the photon polarisation tensor. The spectrum shows a well-defined transport peak in contrast to both the heavy quark limit studied previously, where the low frequency domain is exponentially suppressed at this order, and the naive massless case where it vanishes at leading order and diverges at next-to-leading order. From our general expressions, the massless limit can be taken and we show that no divergences occur if done carefully. Finally, we compare the massless limit to results from lattice simulations."
"Realizations of -Minkowski space linear in momenta are studied for time-, space- and light-like deformations. We construct and classify all such linear realizations and express them in terms of the generators. There are three one-parameter families of linear realizations for time-like and space-like deformations, while for light-like deformations, there are only four linear realizations. The relation between a deformed Heisenberg algebra, the star product, the coproduct of momenta, and the twist operator is presented. It is proved that for each linear realization there exists a Drinfeld twist satisfying normalization and cocycle conditions. -Deformed -Hopf algebras are presented for all cases. The -Poincaré–Weyl and -Poincaré–Hopf algebras are discussed. The left–right dual -Minkowski algebra is constructed from the transposed twists. The corresponding realizations are nonlinear. All Drinfeld twists related to -Minkowski space are obtained from our construction. Finally, some physical applications are discussed."
"In the context of a simple five-dimensional (5D) model with bulk matter coupled to a brane-localized Higgs boson, we point out a non-commutativity in the 4D calculation of the mass spectrum for excited fermion towers: the obtained expression depends on the choice in ordering the limits, (infinite Kaluza–Klein tower) and ( being the parameter introduced for regularizing the Higgs Dirac peak). This introduces the question of which one is the correct order; we then show that the two possible orders of regularization (called I and II) are experimentally equivalent, as both can typically reproduce the measured observables, but that the one with less degrees of freedom (I) could be uniquely excluded by future experimental constraints. This conclusion is based on the exact matching between the 4D and 5D analytical calculations of the mass spectrum – via regularizations of type I and II. Beyond a deeper insight into the Higgs peak regularizations, this matching brings another confirmation of the validity of the 5D mixed formalism. All the conclusions, deduced from regularizing the Higgs peak through a brane shift or a smoothed square profile, are expected to remain similar in realistic models with a warped extra-dimension. The complementary result of the study is that the non-commutativity disappears, both in the 4D and the 5D calculations, in the presence of higher order derivative operators. For clarity, the 4D and 5D analytical calculations, matching with each other, are presented in the first part of the paper, while the second part is devoted to the interpretation of the results."
"The equivalence between a higher derivative extension of Maxwell–Chern–Simons–Proca model and some gauge invariant theories from the point of view of the Hamiltonian path integral quantization in the framework of the gauge-unfixing approach is investigated. The Hamiltonian path integrals of the first-class systems take manifestly Lorentz-covariant forms."
"In the present work we show that warm chaotic inflation characterized by a simple self-interaction potential for the inflaton, excluded by current data in standard cold inflation, and by an inflaton decay rate proportional to the temperature, is in agreement with the latest Planck data. The parameters of the model are constrained, and our results show that the model predicts a negligible tensor-to-scalar ratio in the strong dissipative regime, while in the weak dissipative regime the tensor-to-scalar ratio can be large enough to be observed."
"The magnetic dipole moments of the , and , , and heavy tensor mesons are estimated in framework of the light cone QCD sum rules. It is observed that the magnetic dipole moments for the charged mesons are larger than that of its neutral counterpart. It is found that the &lt;i&gt;SU&lt;i/&gt;(3) flavor symmetry violation is about 10 % in both &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;c&lt;i/&gt; sectors."
"In this paper, we investigate conformal Killing vectors (CKVs) admitted by some plane symmetric spacetimes. Ten conformal Killing’s equations and their general forms of CKVs are derived along with their conformal factor. The existence of conformal Killing symmetry imposes restrictions on the metric functions. The conditions imposing restrictions on these metric functions are obtained as a set of integrability conditions. Considering the cases of time-like and inheriting CKVs, we obtain spacetimes admitting plane conformal symmetry. Integrability conditions are solved completely for some known non-conformally flat and conformally flat classes of plane symmetric spacetimes. A special vacuum plane symmetric spacetime is obtained, and it is shown that for such a metric CKVs are just the homothetic vectors (HVs). Among all the examples considered, there exists only one case with a six dimensional algebra of special CKVs admitting one proper CKV. In all other examples of non-conformally flat metrics, no proper CKV is found and CKVs are either HVs or Killing’s vectors (KVs). In each of the three cases of conformally flat metrics, a fifteen dimensional algebra of CKVs is obtained of which eight are proper CKVs."
"In this work we investigate the entropic information on thick brane-world scenarios and its consequences. The brane-world entropic information is studied for the sine-Gordon model and hence the brane-world entropic information measure is shown to be an accurate way for providing the most suitable range for the bulk AdS curvature, in particular from the informational content of physical solutions. Besides, the brane-world configurational entropy is employed to demonstrate a high organisational degree in the structure of the configuration of the system, for large values of a parameter of the sine-Gordon model but the one related to the AdS curvature. The Gleiser and Stamatopoulos procedure is finally applied in order to achieve a precise correlation between the energy of the system and the brane-world configurational entropy."
"It is often argued that &lt;i&gt;all the information of a gravitational theory is encoded in the surface term of the action&lt;i/&gt;; which means one can find several physical quantities just from the surface term without incorporating the bulk part of the action. This has been observed in various instances; e.g. the derivation of the Einstein’s equations, the surface term calculated on the horizon leads to the entropy, etc. Here I investigate the role of it in the context of the entropy function and the entropy of extremal near horizon black holes. Considering only the Gibbons–Hawking–York (GHY) surface term to define an entropy function for the extremal near horizon black hole solution, it is observed that the extremization of such a function leads to the exact value of the horizon entropy. This analysis again supports the previous claim that the gravitational action is of a “&lt;i&gt;holographic&lt;i/&gt;” nature – the surface term contains information of the bulk."
"It has recently been shown by Yang et al. (Phys Rev D 87:041502(R), 2013a; Phys Rev D 88:044047, 2013b) that rotating Kerr black holes are characterized by &lt;i&gt;two&lt;i/&gt; distinct sets of quasinormal resonances. These two families of quasinormal resonances display qualitatively different asymptotic behaviors in the extremal () black-hole limit: the zero-damping modes are characterized by relaxation times which tend to infinity in the extremal black-hole limit ( as ), whereas the damped modes (DMs) are characterized by non-zero damping rates ( finite-values as ). In this paper we refute the claim made by Yang et al. that co-rotating DMs of near-extremal black holes are restricted to the limited range , where is the dimensionless ratio between the azimuthal harmonic index &lt;i&gt;m&lt;i/&gt; and the spheroidal harmonic index &lt;i&gt;l&lt;i/&gt; of the perturbation mode. In particular, we use an analytical formula originally derived by Detweiler in order to prove the existence of DMs (damped quasinormal resonances which are characterized by &lt;i&gt;finite&lt;i/&gt; values in the limit) of near-extremal black holes in the regime, the regime which was claimed by Yang et al. not to contain DMs. We show that these co-rotating DMs (in the regime ) are expected to characterize the resonance spectra of rapidly rotating (near-extremal) black holes with ."
"In general relativity, inertia and gravitation are both included in the Levi–Civita connection. As a consequence, the gravitational action, as well as the corresponding energy–momentum density, are in general contaminated by spurious contributions coming from inertial effects. In teleparallel gravity, on the other hand, because the spin connection represents inertial effects only, it is possible to separate inertia from gravitation. Relying on this property, it is shown that to each tetrad there is naturally associated a spin connection that &lt;i&gt;locally removes the inertial effects&lt;i/&gt; from the action. The use of the appropriate spin connection can be viewed as a renormalization process in the sense that the computation of energy and momentum naturally yields the physically relevant values. A self-consistent method for solving field equations and determining the appropriate spin connection is presented."
"In this paper we continue our program to construct a model for high energy soft interactions that is based on the CGC/saturation approach. The main result of this paper is that we have discovered a mechanism that leads to large long range rapidity correlations and results in large values of the correlation function , which is independent of and . Such a behavior of the correlation function provides strong support for the idea that at high energies the system of partons that is produced is not only dense but also has strong attractive forces acting between the partons."
"From the world-sheet point of view we compute three, four and five point BPS and non-BPS scattering amplitudes of type IIA and IIB superstring theory. All these mixed S-matrix elements including a Ramond–Ramond closed string (RR) in the bulk and a scalar/gauge or tachyons with all different pictures (including an RR in asymmetric and symmetric pictures) have been carried out. We have also shown that in asymmetric pictures various equations must be kept fixed. More importantly, by direct calculations on the upper half plane, it is realised that some of the equations (which must be true) for BPS branes cannot be necessarily applied to non-BPS amplitudes. We also derive the S-matrix elements of and clarify the fact that in the presence of the scalar field and an RR, the terms carrying momentum of an RR in the transverse directions play an important role in the entire form of the S-matrix and their presence is needed in order to have gauge invariance for the entire S-matrix elements of type IIA (IIB) superstring theory."
"We investigate the one-loop corrections, at zero as well as finite temperature, of a scalar field taking place in a braneworld motivated warped background. After to reach a well-defined problem, we calculate the effective action with the corresponding quantum corrections to each case."
"The future compact linear collider (CLIC) offers a possibility for a rich precision physics programme, in particular in the Higgs sector through the energy staging. This is the first paper addressing the measurement of the standard model Higgs boson decay into two muons at 1.4 TeV CLIC. With respect to similar studies at future linear colliders, this paper includes several novel contributions to the statistical uncertainty of the measurement. The latter includes the equivalent photon approximation employed to describe and interactions whenever the virtuality of the mediated photon is smaller than 4 GeV and realistic forward electron tagging based on energy deposition maps in the forward calorimeters, as well as several processes with the Beamstrahlung photons that results in irreducible contribution to the signal. In addition, coincidence of the Bhabha scattering with the signal and background processes is considered, altering the signal selection efficiency. The study is performed using a fully simulated CLIC_ILD detector model. It is shown that the branching ratio for the Higgs decay into a pair of muons BR() times the Higgs production cross-section in &lt;i&gt;WW&lt;i/&gt;-fusion can be measured with 38 % statistical accuracy at , assuming an integrated luminosity of 1.5 ab with unpolarised beams. If 80 % electron beam polarisation is considered, the statistical uncertainty of the measurement is reduced to 25 %. Systematic uncertainties are negligible in comparison to the statistical uncertainty."
"A preliminary determination of the Dirac phase in the PMNS matrix is . A rather accurately determined Jarlskog invariant &lt;i&gt;J&lt;i/&gt; in the CKM matrix is close to the maximum. Since the phases in the CKM and PMNS matrices will be accurately determined in the future, it is an interesting problem to relate these two phases. This can be achieved in a families-unified grand unification if the weak CP violation is introduced spontaneously &lt;i&gt;à la&lt;i/&gt; Froggatt and Nielsen at a high energy scale, where only one meaningful Dirac CP phase appears."
"Recently, Padmanabhan (arXiv:1206.4916 [hep-th]) discussed that the difference between the number of degrees of freedom on the boundary surface and the number of degrees of freedom in a bulk region causes the accelerated expansion of the universe. The main question arising is: what is the origin of this inequality between the surface degrees of freedom and the bulk degrees of freedom? We answer this question in &lt;i&gt;M&lt;i/&gt;-theory. In our model, first &lt;i&gt;M&lt;i/&gt;0-branes are compactified on one circle and &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt; &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt;0-branes are created. Then &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt; &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt;0-branes join each other, grow, and form one &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt;5-branes. Next, the &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt;5-brane is compactified on two circles and our universe’s &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt;3-brane, two &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt;1-branes and some extra energies are produced. After that, one of the &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt;1-branes, which is closer to the universe’s brane, gives its energy into it, and this leads to an increase in the difference between the numbers of degrees of freedom and the occurring inflation era. With the disappearance of this &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt;1-brane, the number of degrees of freedom of boundary surface and bulk region become equal and inflation ends. At this stage, extra energies that are produced due to the compactification cause an expansion of the universe and deceleration epoch. Finally, another &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt;1-brane dissolves in our universe’s brane, leads to an inequality between degrees of freedom, and there occurs a new phase of acceleration."
"We evaluate the measurement precision of the production cross section times the branching ratio of the Higgs boson decaying into tau lepton pairs at the International Linear Collider (ILC). We analyze various final states associated with the main production mechanisms of the Higgs boson, the Higgs-strahlung and &lt;i&gt;WW&lt;i/&gt;-fusion processes. The statistical precision of the production cross section times the branching ratio is estimated to be 2.6 and 6.9 % for the Higgs-strahlung and &lt;i&gt;WW&lt;i/&gt;-fusion processes, respectively, with the nominal integrated luminosities assumed in the ILC Technical Design Report; the precision improves to 1.0 and 3.4 % with the running scenario including possible luminosity upgrades. The study provides a reference performance of the ILC for future phenomenological analyses."
"We study the prompt production of the and mesons at high energies. Unlike production, mesons cannot be created at LO via the fusion of two on-mass-shell gluons, that is, are not allowed. However, the available experimental data show that the cross sections for and are comparable. We therefore investigate four other production mechanisms: namely, (i) the standard NLO process , (ii) via gluon virtuality, (iii) via gluon reggeisation and, finally, (iv) the possibility to form by the fusion of three gluons, where one extra gluon comes from another parton cascade, as in the Double Parton Scattering processes."
"The most general parametrization of the &lt;i&gt;tbW&lt;i/&gt; vertex includes a right coupling that is zero at tree level in the standard model. This quantity may be measured at the Large Hadron Collider where the physics of the top decay is currently investigated. This coupling is present in new physics models at tree level and/or through radiative corrections, so its measurement can be sensitive to non-standard physics. In this paper we compute the leading electroweak and QCD contributions to the top coupling in the standard model. This value is the starting point in order to separate the standard model effects and, then, search for new physics. We also propose observables that can be addressed at the LHC in order to measure this coupling. These observables are defined in such a way that they do not receive tree level contributions from the standard model and are directly proportional to the right coupling. Bounds on new physics models can be obtained through the measurements of these observables."
"We present a hadron production study in the forward rapidity region in ultra-peripheral proton–lead () collisions at the LHC and proton–gold () collisions at RHIC. The present paper is based on the Monte Carlo simulations of the interactions of a virtual photon emitted by a fast moving nucleus with a proton beam. The simulation consists of two stages: the starlight event generator simulates the virtual photon flux, which is then coupled to the sophia, dpmjet, and pythia event generators for the simulation of particle production. According to these Monte Carlo simulations, we find large cross sections for ultra-peripheral collisions particle production, especially in the very forward region. We show the rapidity distributions for charged and neutral particles, and the momentum distributions for neutral pions and neutrons at high rapidities. These processes lead to substantial background contributions to the investigations of collective nuclear effects and spin physics. Finally we propose a general method to distinguish between proton–nucleus () inelastic interactions and ultra-peripheral collisions which implements selection cuts based on charged-particles multiplicity at mid-rapidity and/or neutron activity at negative forward rapidity."
"Previous studies have shown that the Hidden Local Symmetry (HLS) model, supplied with appropriate symmetry breaking mechanisms, provides an effective Lagrangian (Broken Hidden Local Symmetry, BHLS) which encompasses a large number of processes within a unified framework. Based on it, a global fit procedure allows for a simultaneous description of the annihilation into six final states—, , , , , —and includes the dipion spectrum in the decay and some more light meson decay partial widths. The contribution to the muon anomalous magnetic moment of these annihilation channels over the range of validity of the HLS model (up to 1.05 GeV) is found much improved in comparison to the standard approach of integrating the measured spectra directly. However, because most spectra for the annihilation process undergo overall scale uncertainties which dominate the other sources, one may suspect some bias in the dipion contribution to , which could question the reliability of the global fit method. However, an iterated global fit algorithm, shown to lead to unbiased results by a Monte Carlo study, is defined and applied successfully to the data samples from CMD2, SND, KLOE, BaBar, and BESSIII. The iterated fit solution is shown to further improve the prediction for , which we find to deviate from its experimental value above the level. The contribution to of the intermediate state up to 1.05 GeV has an uncertainty about 3 times smaller than the corresponding usual estimate. Therefore, global fit techniques are shown to work and lead to improved unbiased results."
"Using the AdS/CFT correspondence, we study the Schwinger effect in strongly coupled theories with an anisotropic scaling symmetry in time and spatial directions. We consider Lifshitz and hyperscaling violation theories and use their gravity duals. It is shown that the shape of the potential barrier depends on the parameters of theory. One concludes that the production rate for the pair creation of particle and antiparticle will be easier in the Lifshitz theory."
"The coupled gravitational-electromagnetic quasinormal resonances of charged rotating Kerr–Newman black holes are explored. In particular, using the recently published numerical data of Dias et al. (Phys Rev Lett 114:151101, 2015), we show that the characteristic relaxation times of near-extremal Kerr–Newman black holes in the regime are described, to a very good degree of accuracy, by the simple universal relation (here , and are respectively the electric charge, horizon radius, and temperature of the Kerr–Newman black hole, and is the fundamental quasinormal resonance of the perturbed black-hole spacetime)."
"We discuss production of charm and bottom quarks at forward rapidity in &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collisions at the LHC, updating the QCD predictions for the run at  TeV. We show that, while the absolute rates suffer from large theoretical systematics, dominated by scale uncertainties, the increase relative to the rates precisely measured at 7 TeV can be predicted with an accuracy of a few percent, sufficient to highlight the sensitivity to the gluon distribution function."
"We study the , , , and decays and compare their mass distributions with those obtained for the and . The approach followed consist in a factorization of the weak part and the hadronization part into a factor which is common to all the processes. Then what makes the reactions different are some trivial Cabibbo–Kobayashi–Maskawa matrix elements and the weight by which the different pairs of mesons appear in a primary step plus their final state interaction. These elements are part of the theory and thus, up to a global normalization factor, all the invariant mass distributions are predicted with no free parameters. Comparison is made with the limited experimental information available. Further comparison of these results with coming LHCb measurements will be very valuable to make progress in our understanding of the meson–meson interaction and the nature of the low lying scalar meson resonances, and ."
"The solution of a remnant was suggested for the black hole ground state after surface gravity is corrected for the loop quantum effect. On the other hand, a Schwarzschild black hole in asymptotic anti-de Sitter space would tunnel into the thermal soliton solution known as the Hawking–Page phase transition. In this letter, we investigate the low temperature phase of a three-dimensional Banados–Teitelboim–Zanelli (BTZ) black hole and four-dimensional AdS Schwarzschild black hole. We find that the thermal soliton is energetically favored rather than the remnant solution at low temperature in three dimensions, while a Planck-size remnant is still possible in four dimensions. Though the BTZ remnant seems energetically disfavored, we argue that it is still possible to find in the overcooled phase if strings were present, and its implication is discussed."
"According to various models, the orbital and the epicyclic frequencies of particles moving on a circular orbit around compact objects are related to the quasi-periodic oscillations observed in the X-ray flux of some pulsars or black hole candidates. It is expected that they originate from the inner edge of the accretion discs, deep into the gravitational field of the compact objects. Considering the planned new generation X-ray timing observatories with large collective areas, the quasi-periodic oscillations might be an excellent tool for testing gravity in strong field regime and, respectively, alternative gravitational theories. We examine the orbital and the epicyclic frequencies of a particle moving on a circular orbit around neutron or strange stars in gravity. The case of slow rotation is considered too. The gravity results are compared to the general relativistic case. We comment on the deviations from general relativity, as well as the deviations due to rotation in both theories."
"We give evidence that spacelike BPS Wilson loops do not exist in Minkowski spacetime. We show that spacelike Wilson loops in Minkowski spacetime cannot preserve any supersymmetries, in super Yang–Mills theory, super Chern–Simons-matter theory, and Aharony–Bergman–Jafferis–Maldacena theory. We not only show this using infinite straight lines and circles as examples, but also we give proofs for general curves. We attribute this to the conflicts of the reality conditions of the spinors. However, spacelike Wilson loops do exist in Euclidean space. There are both BPS Wilson loops along infinite straight lines and circular BPS Wilson loops. This is because the reality conditions of the spinors are lost after Wick rotation. The result is reasonable in view of the AdS/CFT correspondence."
"We show that general relativity coupled to a quantum field theory generically leads to non-local effects in the matter sector. These non-local effects can be described by non-local higher dimensional operators which remarkably have an approximate shift symmetry. When applied to inflationary models, our results imply that small non-Gaussianities are a generic feature of models based on general relativity coupled to matter fields. However, these effects are too small to be observable in the cosmic microwave background."
"We update the predictions of the SU(2) baryon chiral perturbation theory for the dipole polarisabilities of the proton, fm, and obtain the corresponding predictions for the quadrupole, dispersive, and spin polarisabilities: fm, fm, and fm. The results for the scalar polarisabilities are in significant disagreement with semi-empirical analyses based on dispersion relations; however, the results for the spin polarisabilities agree remarkably well. Results for proton Compton-scattering multipoles and polarised observables up to the Delta(1232) resonance region are presented too. The asymmetries and reproduce the experimental data from LEGS and MAMI. Results for agree with a recent sum rule evaluation in the forward kinematics. The asymmetry near the pion production threshold shows a large sensitivity to chiral dynamics, but no data is available for this observable. We also provide the predictions for the polarisabilities of the neutron, the numerical values being fm, fm, fm, and fm. The neutron dynamical polarisabilities and multipoles are examined too. We also discuss subtleties related to matching the dynamical and static polarisabilities."
"QED radiative corrections to elastic electron–proton scattering at low energies are discussed. Corrections to the electron line and effects due to vacuum polarization are computed. Higher order effects are estimated for the conditions of the experiment on the electric and magnetic proton form factors by the A1 Collaboration. Calculations are performed within the next-to-leading approximation. The inclusion of the higher order effects can affect the value of the proton charge radius extracted from the experimental data."
"Minimal flavour violation in its strong or weak versions, based on and , respectively, allows suitable extensions of the standard model at the TeV scale to comply with current flavour constraints in the quark sector. Here we discuss considerations analogous to minimal flavour violation (MFV) in the context of &lt;i&gt;SU&lt;i/&gt;(5)-unification, showing the new effects/constraints that arise both in the quark and in the lepton sector, where quantitative statements can be made controlled by the CKM matrix elements. The case of supersymmetry is examined in detail as a particularly motivated example. Third generation sleptons and neutralinos in the few hundred GeV range are shown to be compatible with current constraints."
"Measurements of the &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; boson mass are planned by the ATLAS and CMS experiments, but for the time being, these may be unable to compete with the current world average precision of 15 MeV, due to uncertainties in the PDFs. We discuss the potential of a measurement by the LHCb experiment based on the charged lepton transverse momentum spectrum in decays. The unique forward acceptance of LHCb means that the PDF uncertainties would be anti-correlated with those of based measurements by ATLAS and CMS. We compute an average of ATLAS, CMS and LHCb measurements of from the distribution. Considering PDF uncertainties, this average is a factor of 1.3 more precise than an average of ATLAS and CMS alone. Despite the relatively low rate of &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; production in LHCb, we estimate that with the Run-II dataset, a measurement could be performed with sufficient experimental precision to exploit this anti-correlation in PDF uncertainties. The modelling of the lepton-pair transverse momentum distribution in the neutral current Drell–Yan process could be a limiting factor of this measurement and will deserve further studies."
"Hard exclusive electroproduction of mesons is studied with the HERMES spectrometer at the DESY laboratory by scattering 27.6 GeV positron and electron beams off a transversely polarized hydrogen target. The amplitudes of five azimuthal modulations of the single-spin asymmetry of the cross section with respect to the transverse proton polarization are measured. They are determined in the entire kinematic region as well as for two bins in photon virtuality and momentum transfer to the nucleon. Also, a separation of asymmetry amplitudes into longitudinal and transverse components is done. These results are compared to a phenomenological model that includes the pion pole contribution. Within this model, the data favor a positive transition form factor."
"We discuss a parametrization to describe possible deviations from the Kerr metric and test astrophysical black hole candidates with electromagnetic radiation. Our metric is a very simple generalization of the Kerr solution with two main properties: (1) the phenomenology is quite rich and, for example, it can describe black holes with high Novikov–Thorne radiative efficiency or black holes of very small size; (2) it is suitable for the numerical calculations required to study the spectrum of thin disks. The latter point is our principal motivation to study such a kind of parametrization, because in the analysis of real data there are usually several parameters to fit and the problem with current non-Kerr metrics is that the calculation times are too long."
"We study the properties of the classical electromagnetic radiation produced by two physically different yet closely related systems, which may be regarded as classical analogues of the dynamical Casimir effect. They correspond to two flat, infinite, parallel planes, one of them static and imposing perfect-conductor boundary conditions, while the other performs a rigid oscillatory motion. The systems differ just in the electrical properties of the oscillating plane: one of them is just a planar dipole layer (representing, for instance, a small-width electret). The other, instead, has a dipole layer on the side which faces the static plane, but behaves as a conductor on the other side: this can be used as a representation of a conductor endowed with patch potentials (on the side which faces the conducting plane). We evaluate, in both cases, the dissipative flux of energy between the system and its environment, showing that, at least for small mechanical oscillation amplitudes, it can be written in terms of the dipole layer autocorrelation function. We show that there are resonances as a function of the frequency of the mechanical oscillation."
"Spherical collapse of the Bose–Einstein condensate (BEC) dark matter model is studied in the Thomas–Fermi approximation. The evolution of the overdensity of the collapsed region and its expansion rate are calculated for two scenarios. We consider the case of a sharp phase transition (which happens when the critical temperature is reached) from the normal dark matter state to the condensate one and the case of a smooth first order phase transition where there is a continuous conversion of “normal” dark matter to the BEC phase. We present numerical results for the physics of the collapse for a wide range of the model’s space parameter, i.e. the mass of the scalar particle and the scattering length . We show the dependence of the transition redshift on and . Since small scales collapse earlier and eventually before the BEC phase transition, the evolution of collapsing halos in this limit is indeed the same in both the CDM and the BEC models. Differences are expected to appear only on the largest astrophysical scales. However, we argue that the BEC model is almost indistinguishable from the usual dark matter scenario concerning the evolution of nonlinear perturbations above typical clusters scales, i.e., . This provides an analytical confirmation for recent results from cosmological numerical simulations (Schive et al., Nat Phys 10:496, 2014)."
"We develop here a procedure to obtain regular static configurations resulting from dynamical gravitational collapse of a massive matter cloud in general relativity. Under certain general physical assumptions for the collapsing cloud, we find the class of dynamical models that lead to an equilibrium configuration. To illustrate this, we provide a class of perfect fluid collapse models that lead to a static constant density object as limit. We suggest that similar models might possibly constitute the basis for the description of formation of compact objects in nature."
"A search is performed for heavy long-lived charged particles using 3.0  of proton–proton collisions collected at 7 and 8  TeV with the LHCb detector. The search is mainly based on the response of the ring imaging Cherenkov detectors to distinguish the heavy, slow-moving particles from muons. No evidence is found for the production of such long-lived states. The results are expressed as limits on the Drell–Yan production of pairs of long-lived particles, with both particles in the LHCb pseudorapidity acceptance, . The mass-dependent cross-section upper limits are in the range 2–4 fb (at 95 % CL) for masses between 14 and 309 ."
"In the “Higgs basis” for a generic 2HDM, only one scalar doublet gets a nonzero vacuum expectation value and, under the criterion of minimal flavor violation, the other one is fixed to be either color-singlet or color-octet, which are named as the type-III and type-C models, respectively. In this paper, the charged-Higgs effects of these two models on – mixing are studied. First of all, we perform a complete one-loop computation of the electro-weak corrections to the amplitudes of – mixing. Together with the up-to-date experimental measurements, a detailed phenomenological analysis is then performed in the cases of both real and complex Yukawa couplings of charged scalars to quarks. The spaces of model parameters allowed by the current experimental data on – mixing are obtained and the differences between type-III and type-C models are investigated, which is helpful to distinguish between these two models."
"In this paper we analyze the tensor field (reducible gauge) theories in the context of very special relativity (VSR). Particularly, we study the VSR gauge symmetry as well as VSR BRST symmetry of Kalb–Ramond and Abelian 3-form fields involving a fixed null vector. We observe that the Kalb–Ramond and Abelian 3-form fields and corresponding ghosts get masses in the VSR framework. The effective action in VSR-type axial gauge is greatly simplified compared with the VSR-type Lorenz gauge. Further, we quantize these models using a Batalin–Vilkovisy (BV) formulation in VSR."
"In this paper, we will analyze a three-dimensional supersymmetric Chern–Simons theory in &lt;i&gt;SIM&lt;i/&gt;(1) superspace formalism. The breaking of the Lorentz symmetry down to the &lt;i&gt;SIM&lt;i/&gt;(1) symmetry breaks half the supersymmetry of the Lorentz invariant theory. So, the supersymmetry of the Lorentz invariant Chern–Simons theory with supersymmetry will break down to supersymmetry, when the Lorentz symmetry is broken down to the &lt;i&gt;SIM&lt;i/&gt;(1) symmetry. First, we will write the Chern–Simons action using &lt;i&gt;SIM&lt;i/&gt;(1) projections of superfields. However, as the &lt;i&gt;SIM&lt;i/&gt;(1) transformations of these projections are very complicated, we will define &lt;i&gt;SIM&lt;i/&gt;(1) superfields which transform simply under &lt;i&gt;SIM&lt;i/&gt;(1) transformations. We will then express the Chern–Simons action using these &lt;i&gt;SIM&lt;i/&gt;(1) superfields. Furthermore, we will analyze the gauge symmetry of this Chern–Simons theory. This is the first time that a Chern–Simons theory with supersymmetry will be constructed on a manifold without a boundary."
"The LUCIFER project aims at deploying the first array of enriched scintillating bolometers for the investigation of neutrinoless double-beta decay of Se. The matrix which embeds the source is an array of ZnSe crystals, where enriched Se is used as decay isotope. The radiopurity of the initial components employed for manufacturing crystals, that can be operated as bolometers, is crucial for achieving a null background level in the region of interest for double-beta decay investigations. In this work, we evaluated the radioactive content in 2.5 kg of 96.3 % enriched Se metal, measured with a high-purity germanium detector at the Gran Sasso deep underground laboratory. The limits on internal contaminations of primordial decay chain elements of Th, U and U are respectively: 61, 110 and 74 Bq/kg at 90 % C.L. The extremely low-background conditions in which the measurement was carried out and the high radiopurity of the Se allowed us to establish the most stringent lower limits on the half-lives of the double-beta decay of Se to 0, 2 and 2 excited states of Kr of 3.410, 1.310 and 1.010 y, respectively, with a 90 % C.L."
"By presenting a relation between the average energy of the ensemble of probe photons and the energy density of the universe, in the context of &lt;i&gt;gravity’s rainbow&lt;i/&gt; or the &lt;i&gt;doubly general relativity&lt;i/&gt; scenario, we introduce a rainbow FRW universe model. By analyzing the fixed points in the flat FRW model modified by two well-known rainbow functions, we find that the finite time singularity avoidance (i.e. Big Bang) may still remain as a problem. Then we follow the “emergent universe” scenario in which there is no beginning of time and consequently there is no Big-Bang singularity. Moreover, we study the impact of high energy quantum gravity modifications related to the gravity’s rainbow on the stability conditions of an “Einstein static universe” (ESU). We find that independent of the particular rainbow function, the positive energy condition dictates a positive spatial curvature for the universe. In fact, without raising a nonphysical energy condition in the quantum gravity regimes, we can observe agreement between gravity’s rainbow scenario and the basic assumption of the modern version of the “emergent universe”. We show that in the absence and presence of an energy-dependent cosmological constant , a stable Einstein static solution is available versus the homogeneous and linear scalar perturbations under the variety of the obtained conditions. Also, we explore the stability of ESU against the vector and tensor perturbations."
"We study the effects of a class of features of the inflaton potential, corresponding to discontinuities in its derivatives. We perform fully numerical calculations and derive analytical approximations for the curvature perturbations spectrum and the bispectrum which are in good agreement with the numerical results. The spectrum of primordial perturbations has oscillations around the scale which leaves the horizon at the time when the feature occurs, with the amplitude and phase of the oscillations determined by the size and the order of the discontinuity. The large scale bispectrum in the squeezed and equilateral limits have a very similar form and are linearly suppressed. Both in the squeezed and the equilateral small scale limit the bispectrum has an oscillatory behavior whose phase depends on the parameters determining the discontinuity, and whose amplitude is inversely proportional to the scale. Given the generality of this class of features they could be used to model or classify phenomenologically different types of non-Gaussian features encountered in observational data such as the cosmic microwave background radiation or large scale structure."
"The LHC data on event-by-event harmonic flow coefficients measured in PbPb collisions at center-of-mass energy 2.76 TeV per nucleon pair are analyzed and interpreted within the HYDJET model. To compare the model results with the experimental data the unfolding procedure is employed. The essentially dynamical origin of the flow fluctuations in hydro-inspired freeze-out approach has been established. It is shown that the simple modification of the model via introducing the distribution over spatial anisotropy parameters permits HYDJET to reproduce both elliptic and triangular flow fluctuations and related to it eccentricity fluctuations of the initial state at the LHC energy."
"We look for fluctuations expected for the QCD critical point using an intermittency analysis in the transverse momentum phase space of protons produced around midrapidity in the 12.5 % most central C+C, Si+Si and Pb+Pb collisions at the maximum SPS energy of 158&lt;i&gt;A&lt;i/&gt; GeV. We find evidence of power-law fluctuations for the Si+Si data. The fitted power-law exponent is consistent with the value expected for critical fluctuations. Power-law fluctuations had previously also been observed in low-mass pairs in the same Si+Si collisions."
"The pseudoscalar–vector–vector correlator is constructed using two meson multiplets in the vector and two in the pseudoscalar channel. The parameters are constrained by the operator product expansion at leading order where two or all three momenta are considered as large. Demanding in addition the Brodsky–Lepage limit one obtains (in the chiral limit) a pion-vector-vector (VV) correlator with only one free parameter. The singly virtual pion transition form factor and the decay width of are independent of this parameter and can serve as cross-checks of the results. The free parameter is determined from a fit of the – transition form factor . The resulting VV correlator is used to calculate the decay widths and and finally the widths of the rare decay and of the Dalitz decay . Incorporating radiative QED corrections the calculations of decays are compared to the KTeV results. We find a deviation of 2 or less for the rare pion decay."
"The electromagnetic field inside a spherical cavity of large radius &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt; is considered in the presence of stationary charge and current densities. &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt; provides infra-red regularisation while maintaining gauge invariance. The quantum ground state of physical photons forming the magnetic field is found to be a coherent state with a definite mean occupation number. The electric field, which is determined by the Gauss law constraint, is maintained by a minimum uncertainty coherent state, according to the projection operator approach to the quantisation of constrained systems. The mean occupation number of this state is proportional to the square of the total charge. The results confirm formulae obtained previously from a calculation with a finite photon mass for infra-red regularisation."
"We present a detailed derivation of the recently suggested new type of hill-top inflation [arXiv:1509.07270] originating from the microcanonical density matrix initial conditions in cosmology driven by conformal field theory (CFT). The cosmological instantons of topology , which set up these initial conditions, have the shape of a garland with multiple periodic oscillations of the scale factor of the spatial -section. They describe underbarrier oscillations of the inflaton and scale factor in the vicinity of the inflaton potential maximum, which gives a sufficient amount of inflation required by the known CMB data. We build the approximation of two coupled harmonic oscillators for these garland instantons and show that they can generate inflation consistent with the parameters of the CMB primordial power spectrum in the non-minimal Higgs inflation model and in gravity. In particular, the instanton solutions provide smallness of inflationary slow-roll parameters and and their relation characteristic of these two models. We present the mechanism of formation of hill-like inflaton potentials, which is based on logarithmic loop corrections to the asymptotically shift-invariant tree-level potentials of these models in the Einstein frame. We also discuss the role of -gravity as an indispensable finite renormalization tool in the CFT driven cosmology, which guarantees the non-dynamical (ghost free) nature of its scale factor and special properties of its cosmological garland-type instantons. Finally, as a solution to the problem of hierarchy between the Planckian scale and the inflation scale we discuss the concept of a hidden sector of conformal higher spin fields."
"We introduce Rosetta, a program allowing for the translation between different bases of effective field theory operators. We present the main functions of the program and provide an example of usage. One of the Lagrangians which Rosetta can translate into has been implemented into FeynRules, which allows Rosetta to be interfaced into various high-energy physics programs such as Monte Carlo event generators. In addition to popular bases choices, such as the Warsaw and Strongly Interacting Light Higgs bases already implemented in the program, we also detail how to add new operator bases into the Rosetta package. In this way, phenomenological studies using an effective field theory framework can be straightforwardly performed."
"We study the coupling of non-linear supersymmetry to supergravity. The goldstino nilpotent superfield of global supersymmetry coupled to supergravity is described by a geometric action of the chiral curvature superfield 𝓡 subject to the constraint (𝓡-λ)² with an appropriate constant λ. This constraint can be found as the decoupling limit of the scalar partner of the goldstino in a class of 𝓡 supergravity theories."
"We consider QCD radiative corrections to top-quark pair production at hadron colliders. We use the subtraction formalism to perform a fully differential computation for this process. Our calculation is accurate up to the next-to-leading order in QCD perturbation theory and it includes all the flavour off-diagonal partonic channels at the next-to-next-to-leading order. We present a comparison of our numerical results with those obtained with the publicly available numerical programs MCFM and Top++."
"A combination is presented of all inclusive deep inelastic cross sections previously published by the H1 and ZEUS collaborations at HERA for neutral and charged current scattering for zero beam polarisation. The data were taken at proton beam energies of 920, 820, 575 and 460 GeV and an electron beam energy of 27.5 GeV. The data correspond to an integrated luminosity of about 1 fb and span six orders of magnitude in negative four-momentum-transfer squared, , and Bjorken &lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt;. The correlations of the systematic uncertainties were evaluated and taken into account for the combination. The combined cross sections were input to QCD analyses at leading order, next-to-leading order and at next-to-next-to-leading order, providing a new set of parton distribution functions, called HERAPDF2.0. In addition to the experimental uncertainties, model and parameterisation uncertainties were assessed for these parton distribution functions. Variants of HERAPDF2.0 with an alternative gluon parameterisation, HERAPDF2.0AG, and using fixed-flavour-number schemes, HERAPDF2.0FF, are presented. The analysis was extended by including HERA data on charm and jet production, resulting in the variant HERAPDF2.0Jets. The inclusion of jet-production cross sections made a simultaneous determination of these parton distributions and the strong coupling constant possible, resulting in . An extraction of and results on electroweak unification and scaling violations are also presented."
"We discuss in detail the constraints on the partial compositeness coming from flavour and CP violation in the leptonic sector. In the first part we present a formulation of partial compositeness in terms of a flavour symmetry group and a set of spurions, whose background values specify the symmetry breaking pattern. In such a framework we construct the complete set of dimension-six operators describing lepton flavour violation and CP violation. By exploiting the existing bounds, we derive limits on the compositeness scale in different scenarios, characterised by increasing restrictions on the spurion properties. We confirm that in the most general case the compositeness scale should lie well above 10 TeV. However, if in the composite sector the mass parameters and Yukawa couplings are universal, such a bound can be significantly lowered, without necessarily reproducing the case of minimal flavour violation. The most sensitive processes are decays of charged leptons either of radiative type or into three charged leptons, conversion in nuclei and the electric dipole moment of the electron. In the second part we explicitly compute the Wilson coefficients of the relevant dimension-six operators in the so-called two-site model, embodying the symmetry breaking pattern discussed in our first part, and we compare the results with those of the general spurion analysis."
"It has been pointed out by Bekenstein and Mayo that the behavior of the black hole’s entropy or information flow is similar to information flow through one-dimensional channel. Here I analyze the same issue with the use of gravitational anomalies. The rate of the entropy change () and the power (&lt;i&gt;P&lt;i/&gt;) of the Hawking emission are calculated from the relevant components of the anomalous stress tensor under the Unruh vacuum condition. I show that the dependence of on the power is , which is identical to that for the information flow in a one-dimensional system. This is established by using the ()-dimensional gravitational anomalies first. Then the fact is further bolstered by considering the ()-dimensional gravitational anomalies. It is found that, in the former case, the proportionality constant is exactly identical to the one-dimensional situation, known as Pendry’s formula, while in the latter situation its value decreases."
"We study the accuracy with which the lowest order &lt;i&gt;CP&lt;i/&gt; conserving anomalous &lt;i&gt;Wtb&lt;i/&gt; couplings in the single top-quark production at the proposed large hadron electron collider can be probed. The one-dimensional distribution of various kinematic observables at the parton level MC and their asymmetries arising due to the presence of anomalous couplings both in the hadronic and leptonic &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; decay is examined. We find that at 95 % CL the anomalous coupling associated with the left-handed vector current can be measured at an accuracy of the order of 10–10, while those associated with the right-handed vector and left- as well as right-handed tensor currents have a sensitivity at the order of 10–10 for the systematic uncertainty varying between 10–1 % at an integrated luminosity of 100 fb. A comprehensive analysis of the combined covariance matrix derived from all one-dimensional distributions of kinematical observables is used to compute the errors in the anomalous couplings."
"In one of our previous papers we generalized the Buscher T-dualization procedure. Here we will investigate the application of this procedure to the theory of a bosonic string moving in the weakly curved background. We obtain the complete T-dualization diagram, connecting the theories which are the result of the T-dualizations over all possible choices of the coordinates. We distinguish three forms of the T-dual theories: the initial theory, the theory obtained T-dualizing some of the coordinates of the initial theory and the theory obtained T-dualizing all of the initial coordinates. While the initial theory is geometric, all the other theories are non-geometric and additionally non-local. We find the T-dual coordinate transformation laws connecting these theories and show that the set of all T-dualizations forms an Abelian group."
"Using some ideas of the Wesson induced matter theory, we obtain a new kind of modified gravity theory as an effective four-dimensional (4D) theory derived from gravity in five dimensions (5D). This new theory exhibits a different matter coupling than the one in BBHL theory. We show that the field equations of the Wesson induced matter theory and of some brane-world scenarios can be obtained as maximally symmetric solutions of the same theory. We found criteria for the Dolgov–Kawasaki instabilities for both the and the theories. We demonstrate that under certain conditions imposed on the 5D geometry it is possible to interpret the theory as a modified gravity theory with dynamical coefficients, making this new theory a viable candidate to address the present accelerating cosmic expansion issue. Matter sources in the case appear induced by the 5D geometry without the necessity of the introduction of matter sources in 5D."
"The doubly charged Higgs bosons searches at the large hadron collider (LHC) have been studied extensively and strong bound is available for dominantly decaying into a pair of same-sign di-leptons. In this paper we point out that there is a large cavity in the light mass region left unexcluded. In particular, can dominantly decay into &lt;i&gt;WW&lt;i/&gt; or (For instance, in the type-II seesaw mechanism the triplet acquires a vacuum expectation value around 1 GeV), and then it is found that with mass even below remains untouched by the current collider searches. Searching for such a at the LHC is the topic of this paper. We perform detailed signal and background simulation, especially including the non-prompt background which is the dominant one nevertheless ignored before. We show that such should be observable at the 14 TeV LHC with 10–30 fb integrated luminosity."
"We investigate net proton fluctuations as important observables measured in heavy-ion collisions within the hadron resonance gas (HRG) model. Special emphasis is given to effects which are a priori not inherent in a thermally and chemically equilibrated HRG approach. In particular, we point out the importance of taking into account the successive regeneration and decay of resonances after the chemical freeze-out, which lead to a randomization of the isospin of nucleons and thus to additional fluctuations in the net proton number. We find good agreement between our model results and the recent STAR measurements of the higher-order moments of the net proton distribution."
"Exact Lense–Thirring (LT) precession in Kerr–Taub–NUT spacetime is reviewed. It is shown that the LT precession does not obey the general inverse cube law of distance at strong gravity regime in Kerr–Taub–NUT spacetime. Rather, it becomes maximum just near the horizon, falls sharply and becomes zero near the horizon. The precession rate increases again and after that it falls obeying the general inverse cube law of distance. This anomaly is maximum at the polar region of this spacetime and it vanishes after crossing a certain ‘critical’ angle towards the equator from the pole. We highlight that this particular ‘anomaly’ also arises in the LT effect at the interior spacetime of the pulsars and such a signature could be used to identify a role of Taub–NUT solutions in the astrophysical observations or equivalently, a signature of the existence of a NUT charge in the pulsars. In addition, we show that if the Kerr–Taub–NUT spacetime rotates with the angular momentum (mass  dual mass), the inner horizon goes to and only the &lt;i&gt;event horizon&lt;i/&gt; exists at the distance ."
"A study of QCD coherence is presented based on a sample of about 397,000 hadronic annihilation events collected at  GeV with the OPAL detector at LEP. The study is based on four recently proposed observables that are sensitive to coherence effects in the perturbative regime. The measurement of these observables is presented, along with a comparison with the predictions of different parton shower models. The models include both conventional parton shower models and dipole antenna models. Different ordering variables are used to investigate their influence on the predictions."
"We study the correlation between a monochromatic signal from annihilating dark matter and its self-interacting cross section. We apply our argument to a complex scalar dark sector, where the pseudo-scalar plays the role of a warm dark matter candidate while the scalar mediates its interaction with the Standard Model. We combine the recent observation of the cluster Abell 3827 for self-interacting dark matter and the constraints on the annihilation cross section for monochromatic X-ray lines. We also confront our model to a set of recent experimental analyses and find that such an extension can naturally produce a monochromatic keV signal corresponding to recent observations of Perseus or Andromeda, while in the meantime it predicts a self-interacting cross section of the order of , as recently claimed in the observation of the cluster Abell 3827. We also propose a way to distinguish such models by future direct detection techniques."
"This work deals with modified gravity in five-dimensional space-time. We study a thick Palatini &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) brane, that is, a braneworld scenario described by an anti-de Sitter warped geometry with a single extra dimension of infinite extent, sourced by a real scalar field under the Palatini approach, where the metric and the connection are regarded as independent degrees of freedom. We consider a first-order framework which we use to provide exact solutions for the scalar field and warp factor. We also investigate a perturbative scenario such that the Palatini approach is implemented through a Lagrangian , where the small parameter controls the deviation from the standard thick brane case. In both cases it is found that the warp factor tends to localize the extra dimension due to the nonlinear corrections."
"Cosmological models may result in future singularities. Using scalar–tensor gravity as the dynamical theory for describing a varying speed of light, we show that it is possible to regularize those singularities."
"The LHCb bounds on the branching ratio of the rare decay and the constraints on the branching ratio of in the nonresonant regions enable us to improve constraints on new physics contributions. Using the effective Lagrangian approach we determine the sizes of the Wilson coefficients allowed by the existing LHCb bounds on rare charm decays. Then we discuss contributions to rare charm meson decay observables in several models of new physics: a model with an additional spin-1 weak triplet, leptoquark models, Two Higgs doublets model of type III, and a model. Here we complement the discussion by – oscillations data. Among the considered models, only leptoquarks can significantly modify the Wilson coefficients. Assuming that the differential decay width for receives a NP contribution, while the differential decay width for is Standard Model-like, we find that lepton flavor universality can be violated and might be observed at high dilepton invariant mass."
"A search is presented for a high-mass Higgs boson in the , , , and decay modes using the ATLAS detector at the CERN Large Hadron Collider. The search uses proton–proton collision data at a centre-of-mass energy of 8 TeV corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 20.3 fb. The results of the search are interpreted in the scenario of a heavy Higgs boson with a width that is small compared with the experimental mass resolution. The Higgs boson mass range considered extends up to for all four decay modes and down to as low as 140 , depending on the decay mode. No significant excess of events over the Standard Model prediction is found. A simultaneous fit to the four decay modes yields upper limits on the production cross-section of a heavy Higgs boson times the branching ratio to  boson pairs. 95 % confidence level upper limits range from 0.53 pb at  GeV to 0.008 pb at  GeV for the gluon-fusion production mode and from 0.31 pb at  GeV to 0.009 pb at  GeV for the vector-boson-fusion production mode. The results are also interpreted in the context of Type-I and Type-II two-Higgs-doublet models."
"Supersymmetry (SUSY) is an attractive extension of the Standard Model (SM) of particle physics which solves the SM hierarchy problem. Motivated by the theoretical -term problem of the Minimal Supersymmetric Model (MSSM), the Next-to MSSM (NMSSM) can also account for experimental deviations from the SM like the anomalous muon magnetic moment and the dark matter relic density. Natural SUSY, motivated by naturalness considerations, exhibits small fine tuning and a characteristic phenomenology with light higgsinos, stops, and gluinos. We describe a scan in NMSSM parameter space motivated by Natural SUSY and guided by the phenomenology of an NMSSM with a slightly broken Peccei–Quinn symmetry and a lightly coupled singlet. We identify a scenario which survives experimental constraints with a light singlet Higgs and a singlino lightest SUSY particle. We then discuss how the scenario is not presently excluded by searches at the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) and which channels are promising for discovery at the LHC and International Linear Collider."
"In this article, we present the scalar-diquark–scalar-diquark–antiquark type and scalar-diquark–axialvector-diquark–antiquark type pentaquark configurations in the diquark model, and study the masses and pole residues of the hidden-charm pentaquark states in detail with the QCD sum rules by extending our previous work on the and hidden-charm pentaquark states. We calculate the contributions of the vacuum condensates up to dimension-10 in the operator product expansion by constructing both the scalar-diquark–scalar-diquark–antiquark type and the scalar-diquark–axialvector-diquark–antiquark type interpolating currents. The present predictions of the masses can be confronted to the LHCb experimental data in the future."
"We define a generalization of scalar fields with non-canonical kinetic term which we call exotic k-essence or, briefly, exotik. These fields are generated by the global description of cosmological models with two interactive fluids in the dark sector and under certain conditions they correspond to usual k-essences. The formalism is applied to the cases of constant potential and of inverse square potential and also we develop the purely exotik version for the modified holographic Ricci type (MHR) of dark energy, where the equations of state are not constant. With the kinetic function and the inverse square potential we recover, through the interaction term, the identification between k-essences and quintessences of an exponential potential, already known for Friedmann–Robertson–Walker and Bianchi type I geometries. Worked examples are shown that include the self-interacting MHR and also models with crossing of the phantom divide line (PDL)."
"A first measurement is presented of exclusive photoproduction of mesons associated with leading neutrons at HERA. The data were taken with the H1 detector in the years 2006 and 2007 at a centre-of-mass energy of  GeV and correspond to an integrated luminosity of 1.16 pb. The mesons with transverse momenta  GeV are reconstructed from their decays to charged pions, while leading neutrons carrying a large fraction of the incoming proton momentum, , are detected in the Forward Neutron Calorimeter. The phase space of the measurement is defined by the photon virtuality  GeV, the total energy of the photon–proton system  GeV and the polar angle of the leading neutron mrad. The cross section of the reaction is measured as a function of several variables. The data are interpreted in terms of a double peripheral process, involving pion exchange at the proton vertex followed by elastic photoproduction of a meson on the virtual pion. In the framework of one-pion-exchange dominance the elastic cross section of photon-pion scattering, , is extracted. The value of this cross section indicates significant absorptive corrections for the exclusive reaction ."
"In this paper, a modified Eddington-inspired-Born-Infeld (EiBI) theory with a pure trace term being added to the determinantal action is analysed from a cosmological point of view. It corresponds to the most general action constructed from a rank two tensor that contains up to first order terms in curvature. This term can equally be seen as a conformal factor multiplying the metric . This very interesting type of amendment has not been considered within the Palatini formalism despite the large amount of works on the Born-Infeld-inspired theory of gravity. This model can provide smooth bouncing solutions which were not allowed in the EiBI model for the same EiBI coupling. Most interestingly, for a radiation filled universe there are some regions of the parameter space that can naturally lead to a de Sitter inflationary stage without the need of any exotic matter field. Finally, in this model we discover a new type of cosmic “quasi-sudden” singularity, where the cosmic time derivative of the Hubble rate becomes very large but finite at a finite cosmic time."
"We present a consistent way of combining associated weak boson radiation in hard dijet events with hard QCD radiation in Drell–Yan-like scatterings. This integrates multiple tree-level calculations with vastly different cross sections, QCD- and electroweak parton-shower resummation into a single framework. The new merging strategy is implemented in the Pythia event generator and predictions are confronted with LHC data. Improvements over the previous strategy are observed. Results of the new electroweak-improved merging at a future 100 TeV proton collider are also investigated."
"A Regge pole model for Pomeron–Pomeron total cross section in the resonance region 5 GeV is presented. The cross section is saturated by direct-channel contributions from the Pomeron as well as from two different &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt; trajectories, accompanied by the isolated resonance dominating the GeV region. A slowly varying background is taken into account. The calculated Pomeron–Pomeron total cross section cannot be measured directly, but is an essential part of central diffractive processes. In preparation of future calculations of central resonance production at the hadron level, and corresponding measurements at the LHC, we normalize the Pomeron–Pomeron cross section at large masses 1 mb as suggested by QCD-motivated estimates."
"Homogeneous and isotropic, nonsingular, bouncing world models are designed to evade the initial singularity at the beginning of the cosmic expansion. Here, we study the thermodynamics of the subset of these models governed by general relativity. Considering the entropy of matter and radiation and considering the entropy of the apparent horizon to be proportional to its area, we argue that these models do not respect the generalized second law of thermodynamics, also away from the bounce."
"For the present study, we have used the Martin-like potential for the quark confinement. Our predicted states in the S-wave, (2605.86 MeV) and (2521.72 MeV), are in very good agreement with experimental results of MeV and MeV, respectively, reported by the BABAR Collaboration. The calculated P-wave &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt; meson states, (2462.50 MeV), (2407.56 MeV), (2373.82 MeV) and (2423.28 MeV), are in close agreement with experimental average (Particle Data Group) values of MeV, MeV, MeV and MeV, respectively. The pseudoscalar decay constant (= 202.57 MeV) of the &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt; meson is in very good agreement with the experiment as well as with the lattice predictions. The Cabibbo favoured nonleptonic decay branching ratios, BR of and BR of , are also in very good agreement with the respective experimental values of and reported by CLEO Collaboration. The mixing parameters of the – oscillation, (5.14 ), (6.02 ) and (3.13 ), are in very good agreement with BaBar and Belle Collaboration results."
"A warm intermediate inflationary model in the context of generalized Chaplygin gas is investigated. We study this model in the weak and strong dissipative regimes, considering a generalized form of the dissipative coefficient , and we describe the inflationary dynamics in the slow-roll approximation. We find constraints on the parameters in our model considering the Planck 2015 data, together with the condition for warm inflation , and the conditions for the weak and strong dissipative regimes."
"In this paper, we propose the braneworld gravastar configuration which is an alternative to the braneworld black hole. We study the Mazur and Mottola gravastar model within the context of the Randall–Sundrum type II braneworld scenario, based on the fact that our four dimensional spacetime is a three-brane, embedded in a five dimensional bulk. We present exact solutions of the modified field equations in each of the three regions making up the gravastar, namely, (I) the core, (II) the shell, and (III) the vacuum exterior. The junction conditions at each interface are fulfilled and we further explore interesting physical properties such as length, energy and entropy of the spherical distribution."
"It is quite possible that the technicolor problems are related to the poorly known self-energy expression, or the way chiral symmetry breaking (CSB) is realized in non-abelian gauge theories. Actually, the only known laboratory to test the CSB mechanism is QCD. The TC dynamics may be quite different from the QCD, this fact has led to the walking TC proposal making the new strong interaction almost conformal and changing appreciably its dynamical behavior. There are different ways to obtain extreme walking (or quasi-conformal) technicolor theories, in this paper we propose a scheme to obtain this behavior based on an extension of the electroweak sector of the standard model, in the context of so-called 331-TC model."
"To test the role of large-scale magnetic fields in accretion processes, we study the dynamics of the charged test particles in the vicinity of a black hole immersed into an asymptotically uniform magnetic field. Using the Hamiltonian formalism of the charged particle dynamics, we examine chaotic scattering in the effective potential related to the black hole gravitational field combined with the uniform magnetic field. Energy interchange between the translational and oscillatory modes of the charged particle dynamics provides a mechanism for charged particle acceleration along the magnetic field lines. This energy transmutation is an attribute of the chaotic charged particle dynamics in the combined gravitational and magnetic fields only, the black hole rotation is not necessary for such charged particle acceleration. The chaotic scatter can cause a transition to the motion along the magnetic field lines with small radius of the Larmor motion or vanishing Larmor radius, when the speed of the particle translational motion is largest and it can be ultra-relativistic. We discuss the consequences of the model of ionization of test particles forming a neutral accretion disc, or heavy ions following off-equatorial circular orbits, and we explore the fate of heavy charged test particles after ionization where no kick of heavy ions is assumed and only the switch-on effect of the magnetic field is relevant. We demonstrate that acceleration and escape of the ionized particles can be efficient along the Kerr black hole symmetry axis parallel to the magnetic field lines. We show that a strong acceleration of the ionized particles to ultra-relativistic velocities is preferred in the direction close to the magnetic field lines. Therefore, the process of ionization of Keplerian discs around the Kerr black holes can serve as a model of relativistic jets."
"The dynamical analysis for coupled dark energy with dark matter is presented, where a complex scalar field is taken into account and it is considered in the presence of a barothropic fluid. We consider three dark-energy candidates: quintessence, phantom, and tachyon. The critical points are found and their stabilities analyzed, leading to the three cosmological eras (radiation, matter, and dark energy), for a generic potential. The results presented here extend the previous analyses found in the literature."
"Motivated by the Generalized Uncertainty Principle, covariance, and a minimum measurable time, we propose a deformation of the Heisenberg algebra and show that this leads to corrections to all quantum mechanical systems. We also demonstrate that such a deformation implies a discrete spectrum for time. In other words, time behaves like a crystal. As an application of our formalism, we analyze the effect of such a deformation on the rate of spontaneous emission in a hydrogen atom."
"The inflationary paradigm is the most successful model that explains the observed spectrum of primordial perturbations. However, the precise emergence of such inhomogeneities and the quantum-to-classical transition of the perturbations has not yet reached a consensus among the community. The continuous spontaneous localization model (CSL), in the cosmological context, might be used to provide a solution to the mentioned issues by considering a dynamical reduction of the wave function. The CSL model has been applied to the inflationary universe before and different conclusions have been obtained. In this letter, we use a different approach to implement the CSL model during inflation. In particular, in addition to accounting for the quantum-to-classical transition, we use the CSL model to generate the primordial perturbations, that is, the dynamical evolution provided by the CSL model is responsible for the transition from a homogeneous and isotropic initial state to a final one lacking such symmetries. Our approach leads to results that can be clearly distinguished from preceding works. Specifically, the scalar and tensor power spectra are not time-dependent, and one retains the amplification mechanism of the CSL model. Moreover, our framework depends only on one parameter (the CSL parameter) and its value is consistent with cosmological and laboratory observations."
"The Friedmann equation in the Friedmann–Robertson–Walker (FRW) universe with any spatial curvature is derived from the first law of thermodynamics on the event horizon. The key idea is to redefine a Hawking temperature on the event horizon. Furthermore, we obtain the evolution equations of the universe including the quantum correction and explore the evolution of the universe in &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity. In addition, we also investigate the generalized second law of thermodynamics in Einstein gravity and &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity. This perspective also implies that the first law of thermodynamics on the event horizon has a general description in respect of the evolution of the FRW universe."
"Due to the exponential high gravitational red shift near the event horizon of a black hole, it might appear that the Hawking radiation would be highly sensitive to some unknown high energy physics. To study the effects of any unknown physics at the Planck scale on the Hawking radiation, the dispersive field theory models have been proposed, which are variations of Unruh’s sonic black hole analogy. In this paper, we use the Hamilton–Jacobi method to investigate the dispersive field theory models. The preferred frame is the free-fall frame of the black hole. The dispersion relation adopted agrees with the relativistic one at low energy but is modified near the Planck mass . The corrections to the Hawking temperature are calculated for massive and charged particles to and neutral and massless particles with to all orders. The Hawking temperature of radiation agrees with the standard one at the leading order. After the spectrum of radiation near the horizon is obtained, we use the brick wall model to compute the thermal entropy of a massless scalar field near the horizon of a 4D spherically symmetric black hole and a 2D one. Finally, the luminosity of a Schwarzschild black hole is calculated by using the geometric optics approximation."
"We consider an extension of the Starobinsky model, whose parameters are functions of an extra scalar field. Our motivation is to test the robustness (or sensitivity) of the Starobinsky inflation against mixing scalaron with another (matter) scalar field. We find that the extended Starobinsky model is (classically) equivalent to the two-field inflation, with the scalar potential having a flat direction. For the sake of fully explicit calculations, we perform a numerical scan of the parameter space. Our findings support the viability of the Starobinsky-like two-field inflation for a certain range of its parameters, which is characterized by the scalar index , the tensor-to-scalar ratio , and a small running of the scalar index at ."
"The CRESST-II experiment uses cryogenic detectors to search for nuclear recoil events induced by the elastic scattering of dark matter particles in CaWO crystals. Given the low energy threshold of our detectors in combination with light target nuclei, low mass dark matter particles can be probed with high sensitivity. In this letter we present the results from data of a single detector module corresponding to 52 kg live days. A blind analysis is carried out. With an energy threshold for nuclear recoils of 307 eV we substantially enhance the sensitivity for light dark matter. Thereby, we extend the reach of direct dark matter experiments to the sub- GeV/ region and demonstrate that the energy threshold is the key parameter in the search for low mass dark matter particles."
"Vacuum magnetic birefringence was predicted long time ago and is still lacking a direct experimental confirmation. Several experimental efforts are striving to reach this goal, and the sequence of results promises a success in the next few years. This measurement generally is accompanied by the search for hypothetical light particles that couple to two photons. The PVLAS experiment employs a sensitive polarimeter based on a high finesse Fabry–Perot cavity. In this paper we report on the latest experimental results of this experiment. The data are analysed taking into account the intrinsic birefringence of the dielectric mirrors of the cavity. Besides a new limit on the vacuum magnetic birefringence, the measurements also allow the model-independent exclusion of new regions in the parameter space of axion-like and milli-charged particles. In particular, these last limits hold also for all types of neutrinos, resulting in a laboratory limit on their charge."
"We analyse here in LO the physical properties of the Green function solution for the BFKL equation. We show that the solution obeys the orthonormality conditions in the physical region and fulfills the completeness requirements. The unintegrated gluon density is shown to consists of a set of a few poles with parameters which could be determined by comparison with the DIS data of high precision."
"We construct and investigate an infrared-improved soft-wall AdS/QCD model for mesons. Both linear confinement and chiral symmetry breaking of low energy QCD are well characterized in such an infrared-improved soft-wall AdS/QCD model. The model enables us to obtain a more consistent numerical prediction for the mass spectra of resonance scalar, pseudoscalar, vector, and axial-vector mesons. In particular, the predicted mass for the lightest ground state scalar meson shows good agreement with the experimental data. The model also provides a remarkable check for the Gell-Mann–Oakes–Renner relation and a sensible result for the space-like pion form factor."
"For a modified Randall–Sundrum model (Jones et al. in Phys. Rev. D 88:025048, 2013), the graviton equations are derived and the mass spectrum found. The latter includes a massless graviton and a continuum mass with a gap. There is no negative mass-squared in the spectrum, so the model is stable. The gravitational Newtonian limit is obtained with an exponentially suppressed modification from the extra dimension."
"Nuclear modification factor for large single hadron is studied in a next-to-leading order perturbative QCD parton model with medium-modified fragmentation functions (mFFs) due to jet quenching in high-energy heavy-ion collisions. The energy loss of the hard partons in the quark–gluon plasma is incorporated in the mFFs which utilize two most important parameters to characterize the transport properties of the hard parton jets: the jet transport parameter and the mean free path , both at the initial time . A phenomenological study of the experimental data for is performed to constrain the two parameters with simultaneous fits to Relativistic Heavy Ion Collider as well as Large Hadron Collider data. We obtain for energetic quarks  GeV/fm and  fm in central collisions at  GeV, while  GeV/fm, and fm in central collisions at  TeV. Numerical analysis shows that the best fit favors a multiple scattering picture for the energetic jets propagating through the bulk medium, with a moderate averaged number of gluon emissions. Based on the best constraints for and , the estimated value for the mean-squared transverse momentum broadening is moderate which implies that the hard jets go through the medium with small reflection."
"In this paper, we investigate three symmetry breaking effects in strong and radiative decays of strange heavy mesons. We study corrections within the heavy quark effect theory, as well as SU(3) and SU(2) symmetry breakings induced by light-quark mass differences and the – mixing vertex. These effects are studied in a covariant model. The numerical results show that the corrections of the coupling constants are consistent with . The SU(3) symmetry violating effect of the strong coupling constant is obviously larger than that of the magnetic coupling constant. The value of the – mixing vertex has some changes because of the renewed data. As compared with the other theoretical calculations and the experimental data, our radiative decay rates are much larger than those of the other theoretical methods, except for PT; however, our branching ratios are close to the experimental data."
"We explore a fluid description of the inflationary universe. In particular, we investigate a fluid model in which the equation of state (EoS) for a fluid includes bulk viscosity. We find that the three observables of inflationary cosmology, i.e., the spectral index of the curvature perturbations, the tensor-to-scalar ratio of the density perturbations, and the running of the spectral index, can be consistent with the recent Planck results. We also reconstruct the explicit EoS for a fluid from the spectral index of the curvature perturbations compatible with the Planck analysis. In the reconstructed models of a fluid, the tensor-to-scalar ratio of the density perturbations can satisfy the constraints obtained from the Planck satellite. The running of the spectral index can explain the Planck data. In addition, it is demonstrated that in the reconstructed models of a fluid, the graceful exit from inflation can be realized. Moreover, we show that the singular inflation can occur in a fluid model. Furthermore, we show that a fluid description of inflation can be equivalent to the description of inflation in terms of scalar field theories."
"For a large class of mass-varying massive-gravity models, the graviton mass cannot provide the late-time cosmic expansion of the universe due to its vanishing at late time. In this work, we propose a new class of mass-varying massive gravity models, in which the graviton mass varies according to a kinetic term of a k-essence field. By using a more general form of the fiducial metric, we found a solution such that a non-vanishing graviton mass can drive the accelerated expansion of the universe at late time. We also perform dynamical analyses of such a model and find that without introducing the k-essence Lagrangian, the graviton mass can be responsible for both dark contents of the universe, namely dark energy, which drives the accelerated expansion of the universe, and non-relativistic matter, which plays the role of dark matter. Moreover, by including the k-essence Lagrangian, we find that it is possible to alleviate the so-called cosmic coincidence problem."
"Production of exclusive dijets in diffractive deep inelastic scattering has been measured with the ZEUS detector at HERA using an integrated luminosity of 372 pb. The measurement was performed for –&lt;i&gt;p&lt;i/&gt; centre-of-mass energies in the range and for photon virtualities . Energy flows around the jet axis are presented. The cross section is presented as a function of and , where , &lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt; is the Bjorken variable and is the proton fractional longitudinal momentum loss. The angle is defined by the –dijet plane and the – plane in the rest frame of the diffractive final state. The cross section is measured in bins of . The results are compared to predictions from models based on different assumptions about the nature of the diffractive exchange."
"We apply the Symanzik improvement programme to the -dimensional local re-formulation of the gradient flow in pure &lt;i&gt;SU&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt;) lattice gauge theories. We show that the classical nature of the flow equation allows one to eliminate all cutoff effects at , which originate either from the discretised gradient flow equation or from the gradient flow observable. All the remaining effects can be understood in terms of local counterterms at the zero flow-time boundary. We classify these counterterms and provide a complete set as required for on-shell improvement. Compared to the 4-dimensional pure gauge theory only a single additional counterterm is required, which corresponds to a modified initial condition for the flow equation. A consistency test in perturbation theory is passed and allows one to determine all counterterm coefficients to lowest non-trivial order in the coupling."
"In this paper, a cosmological solution to Mimetic Dark Matter (MDM) for an exponential potential is provided. Then a solution for the perturbed Einstein differential equation of MDM is obtained based on an exponential potential that satisfies inflation for some initial conditions. Another general potential is suggested that incorporates inflation too. Then quantum perturbations are included. The constants in the model can be tuned to be in agreement with the fluctuation amplitude of the cosmic microwave background (CMB) radiation. Finally, the spectral index is calculated for the suggested potentials. Moreover, MDM is shown to be a viable model to produce dark matter, inflation, and CMB’s fluctuation."
"A measurement is presented of differential cross sections for Higgs boson (H) production in pp collisions at . The analysis exploits the decay in data corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 19.7 collected by the CMS experiment at the LHC. The cross section is measured as a function of the kinematic properties of the diphoton system and of the associated jets. Results corrected for detector effects are compared with predictions at next-to-leading order and next-to-next-to-leading order in perturbative quantum chromodynamics, as well as with predictions beyond the standard model. For isolated photons with pseudorapidities , and with the photon of largest and next-to-largest transverse momentum () divided by the diphoton mass satisfying the respective conditions of and , the total fiducial cross section is ."
"A search for the flavour-changing neutral-current decay is presented. Data collected by the ATLAS detector during 2012 from proton–proton collisions at the Large Hadron Collider at a centre-of-mass energy of  TeV, corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 20.3 fb, are analysed. Top-quark pair-production events with one top quark decaying through the () channel and the other through the dominant Standard Model mode are considered as signal. Only the decays of the &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; boson to charged leptons and leptonic &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; boson decays are used. No evidence for a signal is found and an observed (expected) upper limit on the branching ratio of () is set at the 95 % confidence level"
"Fiducial cross-sections for production with one or two additional &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-jets are reported, using an integrated luminosity of 20.3 fb of proton–proton collisions at a centre-of-mass energy of 8 TeV at the Large Hadron Collider, collected with the ATLAS detector. The cross-section times branching ratio for events with at least one additional &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-jet is measured to be 950 70 (stat.)  (syst.) fb in the lepton-plus-jets channel and 50 10 (stat.)  (syst.) fb in the channel. The cross-section times branching ratio for events with at least two additional &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-jets is measured to be 19.3 3.5 (stat.) 5.7 (syst.) fb in the dilepton channel (, , and  &lt;i&gt;ee&lt;i/&gt;) using a method based on tight selection criteria, and 13.5 3.3 (stat.)  3.6 (syst.) fb using a looser selection that allows the background normalisation to be extracted from data. The latter method also measures a value of 1.30 0.33 (stat.) 0.28 (syst.)% for the ratio of production with two additional &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-jets to production with any two additional jets. All measurements are in good agreement with recent theory predictions."
"We investigate the variation in the MMHT2014 PDFs when we allow the heavy-quark masses and to vary away from their default values. We make PDF sets available in steps of and , and present the variation in the PDFs and in the predictions. We examine the comparison to the HERA data on charm and beauty structure functions and note that in each case the heavy-quark data, and the inclusive data, have a slight preference for lower masses than our default values. We provide PDF sets with three and four active quark flavours, as well as the standard value of five flavours. We use the pole mass definition of the quark masses, as in the default MMHT2014 analysis, but briefly comment on the definition."
"We present a range of physics results for central exclusive production processes at the LHC, using the new SuperChic 2 Monte Carlo event generator. This includes significant theoretical improvements and updates, most importantly a fully differential treatment of the soft survival factor, as well as a greater number of generated processes. We provide an overview of the latest theoretical framework, and consider in detail a selection of final states, namely exclusive 2 and 3 jets, photoproduced vector mesons, two-photon initiated muon and &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; boson pairs and heavy quarkonia."
"We consider two potential non-accelerator signatures of generalizations of the well-studied constrained minimal supersymmetric standard model (CMSSM). In one generalization, the universality constraints on soft supersymmetry-breaking parameters are applied at some input scale &lt;i&gt;below&lt;i/&gt; the grand unification (GUT) scale , a scenario referred to as ‘sub-GUT’. The other generalization we consider is to retain GUT-scale universality for the squark and slepton masses, but to relax universality for the soft supersymmetry-breaking contributions to the masses of the Higgs doublets. As with other CMSSM-like models, the measured Higgs mass requires supersymmetric particle masses near or beyond the TeV scale. Because of these rather heavy sparticle masses, the embedding of these CMSSM-like models in a minimal SU(5) model of grand unification can yield a proton lifetime consistent with current experimental limits, and may be accessible in existing and future proton decay experiments. Another possible signature of these CMSSM-like models is direct detection of supersymmetric dark matter. The direct dark matter scattering rate is typically below the reach of the LUX-ZEPLIN (LZ) experiment if is close to , but it may lie within its reach if  GeV. Likewise, generalizing the CMSSM to allow non-universal supersymmetry-breaking contributions to the Higgs offers extensive possibilities for models within reach of the LZ experiment that have long proton lifetimes."
"Lack of a consistent metric for generating rotating wormholes motivates us to present a new one endowed with interesting physical and geometrical properties. When combined with the generalized method of superposition of fields, which consists in attaching a form of matter to each moving frame, it generates massive and charged (charge without charge) two-fluid-sourced, massive and two-charged three-fluid-sourced, rotating as well as new static wormholes which, otherwise, can hardly be derived by integration. If the lapse function of the static wormhole is bounded from above, no closed timelike curves occur in the rotating counterpart. For positive energy densities dying out faster than 1 / &lt;i&gt;r&lt;i/&gt;, the angular velocity includes in its expansion a correction term, to the leading one that corresponds to ordinary stars, proportional to . Such a term is not present in the corresponding expansion for the Kerr–Newman black hole. Based on this observation and our previous work, the dragging effects of falling neutral objects may constitute a substitute for other known techniques used for testing the nature of the rotating black hole candidates that are harbored in the center of galaxies. We discuss the possibility of generating ()-fluid-sourced, &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt;-charged, rotating as well as static wormholes."
"Combined analyses of the Higgs boson production and decay rates as well as its coupling strengths to vector bosons and fermions are presented. The combinations include the results of the analyses of the and decay modes, and the constraints on the associated production with a pair of top quarks and on the off-shell coupling strengths of the Higgs boson. The results are based on the LHC proton-proton collision datasets, with integrated luminosities of up to 4.7 at  TeV and 20.3 at  TeV, recorded by the ATLAS detector in 2011 and 2012. Combining all production modes and decay channels, the measured signal yield, normalised to the Standard Model expectation, is . The observed Higgs boson production and decay rates are interpreted in a leading-order coupling framework, exploring a wide range of benchmark coupling models both with and without assumptions on the Higgs boson width and on the Standard Model particle content in loop processes. The data are found to be compatible with the Standard Model expectations for a Higgs boson at a mass of 125.36 GeV for all models considered."
"Searches for pair-produced scalar leptoquarks are performed using 20 fb of proton–proton collision data provided by the LHC and recorded by the ATLAS detector at  TeV. Events with two electrons (muons) and two or more jets in the final state are used to search for first (second)-generation leptoquarks. The results from two previously published ATLAS analyses are interpreted in terms of third-generation leptoquarks decaying to and final states. No statistically significant excess above the Standard Model expectation is observed in any channel and scalar leptoquarks are excluded at 95 % CL with masses up to  1050 GeV for first-generation leptoquarks,  1000 GeV for second-generation leptoquarks,  625 GeV for third-generation leptoquarks in the  channel, and 200  640 GeV in the  channel."
"The decays and are studied with the ATLAS detector at the LHC using a dataset corresponding to integrated luminosities of 4.9 and 20.6 fb of &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collisions collected at centre-of-mass energies TeV and 8 TeV, respectively. Signal candidates are identified through and decays. With a two-dimensional likelihood fit involving the reconstructed invariant mass and an angle between the and candidate momenta in the muon pair rest frame, the yields of and , and the transverse polarisation fraction in decay are measured. The transverse polarisation fraction is determined to be , and the derived ratio of the branching fractions of the two modes is , where the first error is statistical and the second is systematic. Finally, a sample of decays is used to derive the ratios of branching fractions and , where the third error corresponds to the uncertainty of the branching fraction of decay. The available theoretical predictions are generally consistent with the measurement."
"We briefly discuss some of the known and new properties of rotating geometries that are relevant to this work. We generalize the analytical method of superposition of fields, known for generating nonrotating solutions, and apply it to construct massless and massive rotating physical wormholes sourced by a source-free electromagnetic field and an exotic fluid both anisotropic. Their stress-energy tensors are presented in compact and general forms. For the massive rotating wormholes there exists a mass–charge constraint yielding almost no more dragging effects than ordinary stars. There are conical spirals through the throat along which no local negative energy densities are noticed for these rotating wormholes. This conclusion extends to nonrotating massive type I wormholes derived previously by the author, which seem to be the first kind of nonrotating wormholes with this property. Based on the classification made in Azreg-Aïnou (J Cosmol Astropart Phys 07:037, arXiv:1412.8282 [gr-qc], 2015): “Type I wormholes have their radial pressure dying out faster, as one moves away from the throat, than any other component of the stress-energy and thus violate the least the local energy conditions. In type II (resp. III) the radial and transverse pressures are asymptotically proportional and die out faster (resp. slower) than the energy density”."
"We continue our research work started in Bejancu (Eur Phys J C 75:346, 2015), and obtain in a covariant form the equations of motion with respect to the threading of a 5&lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt; universe . The natural splitting of the tangent bundle of leads to the study of three categories of geodesics: spatial geodesics, temporal geodesics, and vertical geodesics. As an application of the general theory, we introduce and study what we call the 5&lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt; Robertson–Walker universe."
"An extension of the Standard Model with an additional Higgs singlet is analyzed. Bounds on singlet admixture for the 125 GeV &lt;i&gt;h&lt;i/&gt; boson from electroweak radiative corrections and data on &lt;i&gt;h&lt;i/&gt; production and decays are obtained. The possibility of double &lt;i&gt;h&lt;i/&gt; production enhancement at 14 TeV LHC due to a heavy Higgs contribution is considered."
"In this work we investigate generalized theories of gravity in the so-called configurational entropy (CE) context. We show, by means of this information-theoretical measure, that a stricter bound on the parameter of &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) brane models arises from the CE. We find that these bounds are characterized by a valley region in the CE profile, where the entropy is minimal. We argue that the CE measure can play a new role and might be an important additional approach to selecting parameters in modified theories of gravitation."
"Vector-like quarks (VLQ) that are partners of the heavy top and bottom quarks are predicted in many extensions of the standard model (SM). We explore the possibility that these states could explain not only the long-standing anomaly in the forward–backward asymmetry in &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-quark production at LEP, , but also the more recent 2 deviation of the cross section for the associated Higgs production with top-quark pairs at the LHC, . Introducing three illustrative models for VLQs with different representations under the SM gauge group, we show that the two anomalies can be resolved while satisfying all other theoretical and experimental constraints. In this case, the three different models predict VLQ states in the 1–2 TeV mass range that can be soon probed at the LHC. In a second step, we discuss the sensitivity on the VLQ masses and couplings that could be obtained by means of a percent level accuracy in the measurement of ratios of partial Higgs decay widths, in particular and . We show that top and bottom VL partners with masses up to 5 TeV and exotic VLQs with masses in the 10 TeV range can be probed at the high-luminosity LHC."
"Inspired by the appearance of split-complex structures in the dimensional reduction of string theory, and in the theories emerging as byproducts, we study the hypercomplex formulation of Abelian gauge field theories by incorporating a new complex unit to the usual complex one. The hypercomplex version of the traditional Mexican hat potential associated with the &lt;i&gt;U&lt;i/&gt;(1) gauge field theory, corresponds to a &lt;i&gt;hybrid&lt;i/&gt; potential with two real components, and with as symmetry group. Each component corresponds to a deformation of the hat potential, with the appearance of a new degenerate vacuum. Hypercomplex electrodynamics will show novel properties, such as spontaneous symmetry breaking scenarios with running masses for the vectorial and scalar Higgs fields, and such as Aharonov–Bohm type strings defects as exact solutions; these topological defects may be detected only by quantum interference of charged particles through gauge invariant loop integrals. In a particular limit, the &lt;i&gt;hyperbolic&lt;i/&gt; electrodynamics does not admit topological defects associated with continuous symmetries."
"The current uncertainty on the gluon density extracted from the global parton analysis is large in the kinematical range of small values of the Bjorken-&lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt; variable and low values of the hard scale . An alternative to reduces this uncertainty is the analysis of the exclusive vector meson photoproduction in photon–hadron and hadron–hadron collisions. This process offers a unique opportunity to constrain the gluon density of the proton, since its cross section is proportional to the gluon density squared. In this paper we consider current parametrisations for the gluon distribution and estimate the exclusive vector meson photoproduction cross section at HERA and LHC using the leading logarithmic formalism. We perform a fit of the normalisation of the cross section and the value of the hard scale for the process and demonstrate that the current LHCb experimental data are better described by models that assume a slow increasing of the gluon distribution at small &lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt; and low ."
"We investigate the constrained Minimal Supersymmetric Standard Model (cMSSM) in the light of constraining experimental and observational data from precision measurements, astrophysics, direct supersymmetry searches at the LHC and measurements of the properties of the Higgs boson, by means of a global fit using the program Fittino. As in previous studies, we find rather poor agreement of the best fit point with the global data. We also investigate the stability of the electro-weak vacuum in the preferred region of parameter space around the best fit point. We find that the vacuum is metastable, with a lifetime significantly longer than the age of the Universe. For the first time in a global fit of supersymmetry, we employ a consistent methodology to evaluate the goodness-of-fit of the cMSSM in a frequentist approach by deriving &lt;i&gt;p&lt;i/&gt; values from large sets of toy experiments. We analyse analytically and quantitatively the impact of the choice of the observable set on the &lt;i&gt;p&lt;i/&gt; value, and in particular its dilution when confronting the model with a large number of barely constraining measurements. Finally, for the preferred sets of observables, we obtain &lt;i&gt;p&lt;i/&gt; values for the cMSSM below 10 %, i.e. we exclude the cMSSM as a model at the 90 % confidence level."
"We present three parameters exact solutions with possible black holes in -dimensional modified gravity coupled minimally to a cloud of strings. These three parameters are &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt;,  the coupling constant of the cloud of strings , and an integration constant &lt;i&gt;C&lt;i/&gt;. Although in general one has to consider each set of parameters separately, for &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt; an even integer greater than one we give a unified picture providing black holes. For we analyze a null/timelike geodesic within the context of particle confinement."
"Perturbative quantization of Yang–Mills theory with a gauge algebra given by the classical double of a semisimple Lie algebra is considered. The classical double of a real Lie algebra is a nonsemisimple real Lie algebra that admits a nonpositive definite invariant metric, the indefiniteness of the metric suggesting an apparent lack of unitarity. It is shown that the theory is UV divergent at one loop and that there are no radiative corrections at higher loops. One-loop UV divergences are removed through renormalization of the coupling constant, thus introducing a renormalization scale. The terms in the classical action that would spoil unitarity are proved to be cohomologically trivial with respect to the Slavnov–Taylor operator that controls gauge invariance for the quantum theory. Hence they do not contribute gauge invariant radiative corrections to the quantum effective action and the theory is unitary."
"Certain inflationary models as well as realisations of phase transitions in the early Universe predict the formation of primordial black holes. For most mass ranges, the fraction of matter in the form of primordial black holes is limited by many different observations on various scales. Primordial black holes are assumed to be formed when overdensities that cross the horizon have Schwarzschild radii larger than the horizon. Traditionally it was therefore assumed that primordial black-hole masses were equal to the horizon mass at their time of formation. However, detailed calculations of their collapse show that primordial black holes formed at each point in time should rather form a spectrum of different masses, obeying critical scaling. Though this has been known for more than 15 years, the effect of this scaling behaviour is largely ignored when considering predictions for primordial black-hole mass spectra. In this paper we consider the critical collapse scaling for a variety of models which produce primordial black holes, and find that it generally leads to a shift, broadening and an overall decrease of the mass contained in primordial black holes. This effect is model and parameter dependent and cannot be contained by a constant rescaling of the spectrum; it can become important and should be taken into account when comparing to observational constraints."
"The electrostatic self-force on a point charge in cylindrical thin-shell space-times is interpreted as the sum of a &lt;i&gt;bulk&lt;i/&gt; field and a &lt;i&gt;shell&lt;i/&gt; field. The &lt;i&gt;bulk&lt;i/&gt; part corresponds to a field sourced by the test charge placed in a space-time without the shell. The &lt;i&gt;shell&lt;i/&gt; field accounts for the discontinuity of the extrinsic curvature . An equivalent electric problem is stated, in which the effect of the shell of matter on the field is reconstructed with the electric potential produced by a non-gravitating charge distribution of total image charge &lt;i&gt;Q&lt;i/&gt;, to interpret the shell field in both the interior and exterior regions of the space-time. The self-force on a point charge &lt;i&gt;q&lt;i/&gt; in a locally flat geometry with a cylindrical thin-shell of matter is calculated. The charge is repelled from the shell if (ordinary matter) and attracted toward the shell if (exotic matter). The total image charge is zero for exterior problems, while for interior problems , with the external radius of the shell. The procedure is general and can be applied to interpret self-forces in other space-times with shells, e.g., for locally flat wormholes we found ."
"If the Hartle–Hawking wave function is the correct boundary condition of our universe, the history of our universe will be well approximated by an instanton. Although this instanton should be classicalized at infinity, as long as we are observing a process of each history, we may detect a non-classicalized part of field combinations. When we apply it to a dark energy model, this non-classicalized part of fields can be well embedded to a quintessence and a phantom model, i.e., a quintom model. Because of the property of complexified instantons, the phantomness will be naturally free from a big rip singularity. This phantomness does not cause perturbative instabilities, as it is an effect &lt;i&gt;emergent&lt;i/&gt; from the entire wave function. Our work may thus provide a theoretical basis for the quintom models, whose equation of state can cross the cosmological constant boundary phenomenologically."
"We consider a modified gravity plus single scalar-field model, where the scalar Lagrangian couples symmetrically both to the standard Riemannian volume-form (spacetime integration measure density) given by the square root of the determinant of the Riemannian metric, as well as to another non-Riemannian volume-form in terms of an auxiliary maximal-rank antisymmetric tensor gauge field. As shown in a previous paper, the pertinent scalar-field dynamics provides an exact unified description of both dark energy via dynamical generation of a cosmological constant, and dark matter as a “dust” fluid with geodesic flow as a result of a hidden Noether symmetry. Here we extend the discussion by considering a non-trivial modification of the purely gravitational action in the form of generalized gravity. Upon deriving the corresponding “Einstein-frame” effective action of the latter modified gravity-scalar-field theory we find explicit duality (in the sense of weak versus strong coupling) between the original model of unified dynamical dark energy and dust fluid dark matter, on one hand, and a specific quadratic purely kinetic “k-essence” gravity–matter model with special dependence of its coupling constants on only two independent parameters, on the other hand. The canonical Hamiltonian treatment and Wheeler–DeWitt quantization of the dual purely kinetic “k-essence” gravity–matter model is also briefly discussed."
"The strong form factor of the vertex is calculated in the framework of the QCD sum rules method at finite temperature. Taking into account additional operators appearing at finite temperature, a thermal Wilson expansion is obtained and QCD sum rules are derived. While increasing the temperature, the strong form factor remains unchanged up to but slightly increases after this point. After , the form factor suddenly decreases up to . The obtained result of the coupling constant by fitting the form factor at at is in a very good agreement with the QCD sum rules calculations in the case of vacuum. Our prediction can be checked in future experiments."
"We use the functional renormalization group and the -expansion concertedly to explore multicritical universality classes for coupled vector-field models in three Euclidean dimensions. Exploiting the complementary strengths of these two methods we show how to make progress in theories with large numbers of interactions, and a large number of possible symmetry-breaking patterns. For the three- and four-field models we find a new fixed point that arises from the mutual interaction between different field sectors, and we establish the absence of infrared-stable fixed-point solutions for the regime of small . Moreover, we explore these systems as toy models for theories that are both asymptotically safe and infrared complete. In particular, we show that these models exhibit complete renormalization group trajectories that begin and end at nontrivial fixed points."
"This paper reports inclusive and differential measurements of the charge asymmetry in of collisions recorded by the ATLAS experiment at the Large Hadron Collider at CERN. Three differential measurements are performed as a function of the invariant mass, transverse momentum and longitudinal boost of the system. The pairs are selected in the single-lepton channels (&lt;i&gt;e&lt;i/&gt; or ) with at least four jets, and a likelihood fit is used to reconstruct the event kinematics. A Bayesian unfolding procedure is performed to infer the asymmetry at parton level from the observed data distribution. The inclusive charge asymmetry is measured to be (stat. syst.). The inclusive and differential measurements are compatible with the values predicted by the Standard Model."
"We report on two-particle charge-dependent correlations in pp, p–Pb, and Pb–Pb collisions as a function of the pseudorapidity and azimuthal angle difference, and respectively. These correlations are studied using the balance function that probes the charge creation time and the development of collectivity in the produced system. The dependence of the balance function on the event multiplicity as well as on the trigger and associated particle transverse momentum () in pp, p–Pb, and Pb–Pb collisions at 7, 5.02, and 2.76 TeV, respectively, are presented. In the low transverse momentum region, for  GeV/&lt;i&gt;c&lt;i/&gt;, the balance function becomes narrower in both and directions in all three systems for events with higher multiplicity. The experimental findings favor models that either incorporate some collective behavior (e.g. AMPT) or different mechanisms that lead to effects that resemble collective behavior (e.g. PYTHIA8 with color reconnection). For higher values of transverse momenta the balance function becomes even narrower but exhibits no multiplicity dependence, indicating that the observed narrowing with increasing multiplicity at low is a feature of bulk particle production."
"A specific Hordenski scalar-gravity mimetic model is investigated within a FLWR space-time. The mimetic scalar field is implemented via a Lagrangian multiplier, and it is shown that the model has equations of motion formally similar to the original simpler mimetic matter model of Chamseddine–Mukhanov–Vikman. Several exact solutions describing inflation, bounces, and future-time singularities are presented and discussed."
"Measurements of hadron production in p + C interactions at 31 GeV/&lt;i&gt;c&lt;i/&gt; are performed using the NA61/SHINE spectrometer at the CERN SPS. The analysis is based on the full set of data collected in 2009 using a graphite target with a thickness of 4 % of a nuclear interaction length. Inelastic and production cross sections as well as spectra of , , p, and are measured with high precision. These measurements are essential for improved calculations of the initial neutrino fluxes in the T2K long-baseline neutrino oscillation experiment in Japan. A comparison of the NA61/SHINE measurements with predictions of several hadroproduction models is presented."
"We study a mass splitting of the light vector, axial-vector, and pseudoscalar mesons in the isospin medium in the framework of the hard-wall model. We write an effective mass definition for the interacting gauge fields and scalar field introduced in gauge field theory in the bulk of AdS space-time. Relying on holographic duality we obtain a formula for the effective mass of a boundary meson in terms of derivative operator over the extra bulk coordinate. The effective mass found in this way coincides with the one obtained from finding of poles of the two-point correlation function. In order to avoid introducing distinguished infrared boundaries in the quantization formula for the different mesons from the same isotriplet we introduce extra action terms at this boundary, which reduces distinguished values of this boundary to the same value. Profile function solutions and effective mass expressions were found for the in-medium , , and mesons."
"In this work, we study systems composed of a and meson pair. We find three bound states in isospin, spin-parity channels , , and . The state with can be a good candidate for the . We also study the system, and a bound state with mass 5728 MeV and width around 20 MeV is obtained, which can be identified with the resonance. In the case of , one obtains repulsion and, thus, no exotic (molecular) mesons in this sector are generated in the approach."
"A search for direct pair production of the supersymmetric partner of the top quark, decaying via a scalar tau to a nearly massless gravitino, has been performed using 20 fb of proton–proton collision data at . The data were collected by the ATLAS experiment at the LHC in 2012. Top squark candidates are searched for in events with either two hadronically decaying tau leptons, one hadronically decaying tau and one light lepton, or two light leptons. No significant excess over the Standard Model expectation is found. Exclusion limits at  confidence level are set as a function of the top squark and scalar tau masses. Depending on the scalar tau mass, ranging from the  LEP limit to the top squark mass, lower limits between 490 and are placed on the top squark mass within the model considered."
"An investigation on the mechanism of relaxation of axially confined 400 GeV/c protons to planar channeling in a bent crystal was carried out at the extracted line H8 from CERN Super Proton Synchrotron. The experimental results were critically compared to computer simulations, showing a good agreement. We identified a necessary condition for the exploitation of axial confinement or its relaxation for particle beam manipulation in high-energy accelerators. We introduce the idea of using a short bent crystal, aligned with one of its main axis to the beam direction, as a beam steerer or a beam splitter with adjustable intensity in the field of particle accelerators. In particular, in the latter case, a complete relaxation from axial confinement to planar channeling takes place, resulting in beam splitting into the two strongest skew planar channels."
"We obtain scale-invariant scalar and tensor power spectra from a Weyl-invariant scalar–tensor theory in de Sitter spacetime. This implies that the Weyl invariance guarantees the implementation of the scale invariance of the power spectrum in de Sitter spacetime. We establish a deep connection between the Weyl invariance of the action and the scale invariance of the power spectrum in de Sitter spacetime."
"We study scalar perturbations of four- dimensional topological nonlinear charged Lifshitz black holes with spherical and plane transverse sections, and we find numerically the quasinormal modes for scalar fields. Then we study the stability of these black holes under massive and massless scalar field perturbations. We focus our study on the dependence of the dynamical exponent, the nonlinear exponent, the angular momentum, and the mass of the scalar field in the modes. It is found that the modes are overdamped, depending strongly on the dynamical exponent and the angular momentum of the scalar field for a spherical transverse section. In contrast, for plane transverse sections the modes are always overdamped."
"Particles passing through a crystal under planar channeling are captured by a continuous potential and experience transverse oscillations in their motion. As channeled particles approach the atomic planes, they are likely to be dechanneled. This effect is being used in ion-beam analysis with MeV energy. We study this effect in a bent crystal for positive and negative particles within a wide range of energies in sight of application of such crystals at accelerators. We look for the conditions for the observation or not of channeling oscillations in the deflection angle distribution in experiments where the beam passes through the bent crystal. Indeed a new kind of oscillations in the deflection angle distribution, strictly related to the motion of over-barrier particles, i.e. quasichanneled particles, is predicted. Such oscillations, named planar quasichanneling oscillations, possess a different nature than channeling oscillations. Through computer simulation, we study this effect and provided a theoretical interpretation for them. We show that channeling oscillations can be observed only for positive particles while quasichanneling oscillations can exist for particles with either sign. The conditions for experimental observation of channeling and quasichanneling oscillations at existing accelerators with available crystal are found and optimized."
"We report on the precision predictions for the process including &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt;-boson leptonic decays at the ILC in the standard model (SM). The calculation includes the full next-to-leading (NLO) electroweak (EW) corrections and high order initial state radiation (h.o. ISR) contributions. We find that the NLO EW corrections heavily suppress the LO cross section, and the h.o. ISR effects are notable near the threshold while become small in high energy region. We present the LO and the NLO EWh.o. ISR corrected distributions of the transverse momenta of final &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt;-boson and photon as well as the &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt;-pair invariant mass, and we investigate the corresponding NLO EW and h.o. ISR relative corrections. We also study the leptonic decays of the final &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt;-boson pair by adopting the MadSpin method where the spin correlation effect is involved. We conclude that both the h.o. ISR effects and the NLO EW corrections are important in exploring the production at the ILC."
"In this article, we study the stability of black hole solutions found in the context of dilatonic Horava–Lifshitz gravity in dimensions by means of the quasinormal modes approach. In order to find the corresponding quasinormal modes, we consider the perturbations of massive and massless scalar fields minimally coupled to gravity. In both cases, we found that the quasinormal modes have a discrete spectrum and are completely imaginary, which leads to damping modes. For a massive scalar field and a non-vanishing cosmological constant, our results suggest unstable behavior for large values of the scalar field mass."
"We present a study of longitudinal momentum densities () in the transverse impact parameter space for &lt;i&gt;u&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;d&lt;i/&gt; quarks in both unpolarized and transversely polarized nucleons by taking a two-dimensional Fourier transform of the gravitational form factors with respect to the momentum transfer in the transverse direction. The gravitational form factors are obtained by the second moments of GPDs. Here we consider the GPDs of two different soft-wall models in the AdS/QCD correspondence."
"Motivated by recent work on asymptotically Ad black holes in M-theory, we investigate the thermodynamics and thermodynamical geometry of AdS black holes from M2- and M5-branes. Concretely, we consider AdS black holes in , where by interpreting the number of M2- (and M5-branes) as a thermodynamical variable. More precisely, we study the corresponding phase transition to examine their stabilities by calculating and discussing various thermodynamical quantities including the chemical potential. Then we compute the thermodynamical curvatures from the Quevedo metric for M2- and M5-branes geometries to reconsider the stability of such black holes. The Quevedo metric singularities recover similar stability results provided by the phase-transition program. It has been shown that similar behaviors are also present in the limit of large &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt;."
"A future collider, such as the ILC or CLIC, would allow the Higgs sector to be probed with a precision significantly beyond that achievable at the High-Luminosity LHC. A central part of the Higgs programme at an collider is the model-independent determination of the absolute Higgs couplings to fermions and to gauge bosons. Here the measurement of the Higgsstrahlung cross section, using the recoil mass technique, sets the absolute scale for all Higgs coupling measurements. Previous studies have considered with , where . In this paper it is shown for the first time that a near model-independent recoil mass technique can be extended to the hadronic decays of the boson. Because the branching ratio for is approximately ten times greater than for , this method is statistically more powerful than using the leptonic decays. For an integrated luminosity of 500  at a centre-of-mass energy of at CLIC, can be measured to using the hadronic recoil mass technique. A similar precision is found for the ILC operating at . The centre-of-mass dependence of this measurement technique is discussed, arguing for the initial operation of a future linear collider at just above the top-pair production threshold."
"We present an algorithm for deriving partonic flavour labels to be applied to truth particle jets in Monte Carlo event simulations. The inputs to this approach are final pre-hadronisation partons, to remove dependence on unphysical details such as the order of matrix element calculation and shower generator frame recoil treatment. These are clustered using standard jet algorithms, modified to restrict the allowed pseudojet combinations to those in which tracked flavour labels are consistent with QCD and QED Feynman rules. The resulting algorithm is shown to be portable between the major families of shower generators, and largely insensitive to many possible systematic variations: it hence offers significant advantages over existing ad hoc labelling schemes. However, it is shown that contamination from multi-parton scattering simulations can disrupt the labelling results. Suggestions are made for further extension to incorporate more detailed QCD splitting function kinematics, robustness improvements, and potential uses for truth-level physics object definitions and tagging."
"In this article, we construct the diquark–diquark–antiquark type interpolating currents, and we study the masses and pole residues of the and hidden charm pentaquark states in detail with the QCD sum rules by calculating the contributions of the vacuum condensates up to dimension-10 in the operator product expansion. In the calculations, we use the formula to determine the energy scales of the QCD spectral densities. The present predictions favor assigning and to be the and pentaquark states, respectively."
"By using a recently obtained set of Lambda fracture functions, we present predictions for Lambda production in the target fragmentation region of semi-inclusive deep inelastic scattering in CLAS@12 GeV kinematics, supplemented with a conservative error estimate. We discuss a number of observables sensitive to the assumptions of the underlying theory and many of the assumptions of the proposed phenomenological model."
"The NEMO Phase-2 tower is the first detector which was operated underwater for more than 1 year at the “record” depth of 3500 m. It was designed and built within the framework of the NEMO (NEutrino Mediterranean Observatory) project. The 380 m high tower was successfully installed in March 2013 80 km offshore Capo Passero (Italy). This is the first prototype operated on the site where the Italian node of the KM3NeT neutrino telescope will be built. The installation and operation of the NEMO Phase-2 tower has proven the functionality of the infrastructure and the operability at 3500 m depth. A more than 1 year long monitoring of the deep water characteristics of the site has been also provided. In this paper the infrastructure and the tower structure and instrumentation are described. The results of long term optical background measurements are presented. The rates show stable and low baseline values, compatible with the contribution of K light emission, with a small percentage of light bursts due to bioluminescence. All these features confirm the stability and good optical properties of the site."
"The collection of a few anomalies in semileptonic &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt;-decays invites to speculate about the emergence of some strikingly new phenomena. Here we offer a possible interpretation of these anomalies in the context of a weakly broken flavor symmetry and leptoquark mediators."
"In this work, an interacting chameleon-like scalar field scenario, by considering SNeIa, CMB, BAO, and OHD data sets, is investigated. In fact, the investigation is realized by introducing an ansatz for the effective dark energy equation of state, which mimics the behavior of chameleon-like models. Based on this assumption, some cosmological parameters, including the Hubble, deceleration, and coincidence parameters, in such a mechanism are analyzed. It is realized that, to estimate the free parameters of a theoretical model, by regarding the systematic errors it is better that the whole of the above observational data sets would be considered. In fact, if one considers SNeIa, CMB, and BAO, but disregards OHD, it maybe leads to different results. Also, to get a better overlap between the contours with the constraint , the function could be re-weighted. The relative probability functions are plotted for marginalized likelihood according to the two dimensional confidence levels 68.3, 90, and . Meanwhile, the value of the free parameters which maximize the marginalized likelihoods using the above confidence levels are obtained. In addition, based on these calculations the minimum value of based on the free parameters of the ansatz for the effective dark energy equation of state is achieved."
"Consistent interactions that can be added to a free, Abelian gauge theory comprising a BF model and a finite set of massless real scalar fields are constructed from the deformation of the solution to the master equation based on specific cohomological techniques. Under the hypotheses of analyticity in the coupling constant, Lorentz covariance, spacetime locality, and Poincaré invariance, supplemented with the requirement of the preservation of the number of derivatives on each field with respect to the free theory, we see that the deformation procedure leads to two classes of gauge-invariant interacting theories with a mass term for the BF vector field with &lt;i&gt;U&lt;i/&gt;(1) gauge invariance. In order to derive this result we have not used the Higgs mechanism based on spontaneous symmetry breaking."
"Some traces of a specific Lorentz symmetry breaking scenario in the ground state of the hydrogen atom are investigated. We use standard Rayleigh–Schrödinger perturbation theory in order to obtain the corrections to the ground state energy and the wave function. It is shown that an induced four-pole moment arises, due to the Lorentz symmetry breaking. The model considered is the one studied in Borges et al. (Eur Phys J C 74:2937, 2014), where the Lorentz symmetry is broken in the electromagnetic sector."
"In this paper we use Noether symmetries of the geodesic Lagrangian in Bianchi V spacetimes to study various cosmological solutions of Einstein’s field equations. Our first result is the identification of the subalgebras of Noether symmetries of the equations of motion in such spacetimes with dimension 4, 5, 6, 7, 9 or 10 of the maximal algebra of Lie point symmetries of dimension 13. Second, we give a physical interpretation of new cosmological solutions which satisfy the positive energy condition and yield critical bounds on the expansion coefficient , in which the underlying non-flat spacetimes have interesting physical properties. Specifically the energy density behaves in one of the following ways. (i) It is positive and constant for all time. (ii) It varies with time and attains a global maximum after some time and then asymptotically converges to zero. (iii) It increases for all time and attains a maximum value at the asymptotic limit . In particular a non-flat spacetime is obtained that mimics the expansion in a flat FRW universe dominated by vacuum energy such that the expansion factor has the same form in both. However, the energy density is dynamical in the former."
"We present GM2Calc, a public C++ program for the calculation of MSSM contributions to the anomalous magnetic moment of the muon, . The code computes precisely, by taking into account the latest two-loop corrections and by performing the calculation in a physical on-shell renormalization scheme. In particular the program includes a resummation so that it is valid for arbitrarily high values of , as well as fermion/sfermion-loop corrections which lead to non-decoupling effects from heavy squarks. GM2Calc can be run with a standard SLHA input file, internally converting the input into on-shell parameters. Alternatively, input parameters may be specified directly in this on-shell scheme. In both cases the input file allows one to switch on/off individual contributions to study their relative impact. This paper also provides typical usage examples not only in conjunction with spectrum generators and plotting programs but also as C++ subroutines linked to other programs."
"The noninertial effect of rotating frames on the quantum dynamics of scalar bosons embedded in the background of a cosmic string is considered. In this work, scalar bosons are described by the Duffin–Kemmer–Petiau (DKP) formalism. Considering the DKP oscillator in this background the combined effects of a rotating frames and cosmic string on the equation of motion, energy spectrum, and DKP spinor are analyzed and discussed in detail. Additionally, the effect of rotating frames on the scalar bosons’ localization is studied."
"Recent elaborated by Harko et al., the &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) theories of gravity allow one to contemplate an optimistic alternative to dark energy, for which &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt; stand for the Ricci scalar and the trace of the energy-momentum tensor, respectively. Although the literature has shown that the &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt; dependence on the gravitational part of the action – which is due to the consideration of quantum effects – may induce some novel features in the scope of late-time cosmological dynamics, in the radiation-dominated universe, when , no contributions seem to arise from such theories. Apparently, &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) contributions to a radiation-dominated universe may arise only from the approach, which is nothing but the &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity in the case of a self-interacting scalar field whose trace of the energy-momentum tensor is . We intend, in this article, to show how theories of gravity can contribute to the study of the primordial stages of the universe. Our results predict a graceful exit from an inflationary stage to a radiation-dominated era. They also predict a late-time cosmic acceleration after a matter-dominated phase, enabling the theories to describe, in a self-consistent way, all the different stages of the dynamics of the universe."
"In this work, we study various decays of heavy &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt; / &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt; mesons into the , based on the form factors derived in different nonperturbative or factorization approaches. These decay modes are helpful to explore the dynamics in the heavy to light transitions. Meanwhile they can also provide insights to a newly discovered state, the with observed in the final state in the process. Available theoretical explanations include tetraquark or rescattering effects due to decays. If the were induced by the rescattering, its production rates are completely determined by those of the . Our numerical results for decays into the indicate that there is a promising prospect to study these decays on experiments including BES-III, LHCb, Babar, Belle, and CLEO-c, the forthcoming Super-KEKB factory and the under-design Circular Electron–Positron Collider."
"Rotating small AdS black holes exhibit the superradiant instability to low-frequency scalar perturbations, which is amenable to a complete analytic description in four dimensions. In this paper, we extend this description to all higher dimensions, focusing on slowly rotating charged AdS black holes with a single angular momentum. We divide the spacetime of these black holes into the near-horizon and far regions and find solutions to the scalar wave equation in each of these regions. Next, we perform the matching of these solutions in the overlap between the regions, by employing the idea that the orbital quantum number can be thought of as an approximate integer. Thus, we obtain the complete low-frequency solution that allows us to calculate the complex frequency spectrum of quasinormal modes, whose imaginary part is determined by a small damping parameter. Finally, we find a remarkably instructive expression for the damping parameter, which appears to be a complex quantity in general. We show that the real part of the damping parameter can be used to give a &lt;i&gt;universal&lt;i/&gt; analytic description of the superradiant instability for slowly rotating charged AdS black holes in all spacetime dimensions."
"Recently the ATLAS experiment announced a 3  excess at the &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt;-peak consisting of 29 pairs of leptons together with two or more jets,   GeV and  GeV, to be compared with expected lepton pairs in the Standard Model. No excess outside the &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt;-peak was observed. By trying to explain this signal with SUSY we find that only relatively light gluinos,  TeV, together with a heavy neutralino NLSP of  GeV decaying predominantly to &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt;-boson plus a light gravitino, such that nearly every gluino produces at least one &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt;-boson in its decay chain, could reproduce the excess. We construct an explicit general gauge mediation model able to reproduce the observed signal overcoming all the experimental limits. Needless to say, more sophisticated models could also reproduce the signal, however, any model would have to exhibit the following features: light gluinos, or heavy particles with a strong production cross section, producing at least one &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt;-boson in its decay chain. The implications of our findings for the Run II at LHC with the scaling on the Z peak, as well as for the direct search of gluinos and other SUSY particles, are pointed out."
"We present the extension of two general algorithms for the treatment of infrared singularities arising in electroweak corrections to decay processes at next-to-leading order: the dipole subtraction formalism and the one-cutoff slicing method. The former is extended to the case of decay kinematics which has not been considered in the literature so far. The latter is generalised to production and decay processes with more than two charged particles, where new “surface” terms arise. Arbitrary patterns of massive and massless external particles are considered, including the treatment of infrared singularities in dimensional or mass regularisation. As an application of the two techniques we present the calculation of the next-to-leading order QCD and electroweak corrections to the top-quark decay width including all off-shell and decay effects of intermediate bosons. The result, e.g., represents a building block of a future calculation of NLO electroweak effects to off-shell top-quark pair () production. Moreover, this calculation can serve as the first step towards an event generator for top-quark decays at next-to-leading order accuracy, which can be used to attach top-quark decays to complicated many-particle top-quark processes, such as for or ."
"A search for single top-quark production via flavour-changing neutral current processes from gluon plus up- or charm-quark initial states in proton–proton collisions at the LHC is presented. Data collected with the ATLAS detector in 2012 at a centre-of-mass energy of 8 TeV and corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 20.3 fb are used. Candidate events for a top quark decaying into a lepton, a neutrino and a jet are selected and classified into signal- and background-like candidates using a neural network. No signal is observed and an upper limit on the production cross-section multiplied by the branching fraction is set. The observed 95 % CL limit is and the expected 95 % CL limit is . The observed limit can be interpreted as upper limits on the coupling constants of the flavour-changing neutral current interactions divided by the scale of new physics and and on the branching fractions and ."
"A prototype detection unit of the KM3NeT deep-sea neutrino telescope has been installed at 3500m depth 80 km offshore the Italian coast. KM3NeT in its final configuration will contain several hundreds of detection units. Each detection unit is a mechanical structure anchored to the sea floor, held vertical by a submerged buoy and supporting optical modules for the detection of Cherenkov light emitted by charged secondary particles emerging from neutrino interactions. This prototype string implements three optical modules with 31 photomultiplier tubes each. These optical modules were developed by the KM3NeT Collaboration to enhance the detection capability of neutrino interactions. The prototype detection unit was operated since its deployment in May 2014 until its decommissioning in July 2015. Reconstruction of the particle trajectories from the data requires a nanosecond accuracy in the time calibration. A procedure for relative time calibration of the photomultiplier tubes contained in each optical module is described. This procedure is based on the measured coincidences produced in the sea by the K background light and can easily be expanded to a detector with several thousands of optical modules. The time offsets between the different optical modules are obtained using LED nanobeacons mounted inside them. A set of data corresponding to 600 h of livetime was analysed. The results show good agreement with Monte Carlo simulations of the expected optical background and the signal from atmospheric muons. An almost background-free sample of muons was selected by filtering the time correlated signals on all the three optical modules. The zenith angle of the selected muons was reconstructed with a precision of about 3."
"We present updated predictions for the cross sections for pair production of squarks and gluinos at the LHC Run II. First of all, we update the calculations based on NLO+NLL partonic cross sections by using the NNPDF3.0NLO global analysis. This study includes a full characterization of theoretical uncertainties from higher orders, PDFs and the strong coupling. Then we explore the implications for this calculation of the recent NNPDF3.0 PDFs with NLO+NLL threshold resummation. We find that the shift in the results induced by the threshold-improved PDFs is within the total theory uncertainty band of the calculation based on NLO PDFs. However, we also observe that the central values of the NLO+NLL cross sections are modified both in a qualitative and a quantitative way, illustrating the relevance and impact of using threshold-improved PDFs together with resummed partonic cross sections. The updated NLO+NLL cross sections based on NNPDF3.0NLO are publicly available in the NLL-fast format, and should be an important ingredient for the interpretation of the searches for supersymmetric particles at Run II."
"The IceCube collaboration has seen an unexpected population of high energy neutrinos compatible with an astrophysical origin. We consider two categories of events that can help to diagnose cosmic neutrinos: double pulse, which may allow us to clearly discriminate the cosmic component of ; and cascades with deposited energy above 2 PeV, including events produced by at the Glashow resonance, which can be used to investigate the neutrino production mechanisms. We show that one half of the double pulse signal is due to the neutrinos spectral region already probed by IceCube. By normalizing to HESE data, we find that 10 more years are required to obtain 90  probability to observe a double pulse. The cascades above 2 PeV provide us a sensitive probe of the high energy tail of the neutrino spectrum and are potentially observable, but even in this case the dependence on type of the source is mild. In fact we find that &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; or mechanisms give a difference in the number of cascades above 2 PeV of about 25 , which can be discriminated at in 50 years of data taking."
"We first investigate the gravitational wave in the flat Finsler spacetime. In the Finslerian universe, we derive the perturbed gravitational field equation with tensor perturbations. The Finslerian background spacetime breaks rotational symmetry and induces parity violation. Then we obtain the modified primordial power spectrum of the tensor perturbations. The parity violation feature requires that the anisotropic effect contributes to the &lt;i&gt;TT&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;TE&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;EE&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;BB&lt;i/&gt; angular correlation coefficients with and &lt;i&gt;TB&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;EB&lt;i/&gt; with . The numerical results show that the anisotropic contributions to the angular correlation coefficients depend on &lt;i&gt;m&lt;i/&gt;, and &lt;i&gt;TE&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;ET&lt;i/&gt; angular correlation coefficients are different."
"Results are presented from a phenomenological analysis of recent measurements of jet suppression and modifications of jet fragmentation functions in PbPb collisions at the LHC. Particular emphasis is placed on the impact of the differences between quark and gluon jet quenching on the transverse momentum () dependence of the jet and on the fragmentation functions, &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;). Primordial quark and gluon parton distributions were obtained from PYTHIA8 and were parameterized using simple power-law functions and extensions to the power-law function which were found to better describe the PYTHIA8 parton spectra. A simple model for the quark energy loss based on the shift formalism is used to model and &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;) using both analytic results and using direct Monte-Carlo sampling of the PYTHIA parton spectra. The model is capable of describing the full , rapidity, and centrality dependence of the measured jet using three effective parameters. A key result from the analysis is that the &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;) modifications observed in the data, excluding the enhancement at low-&lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;, may result primarily from the different quenching of the quarks and gluons. The model is also capable of reproducing the charged hadron at high transverse momentum. Predictions are made for the jet at large rapidities where it has not yet been measured and for the rapidity dependence of &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;)."
"We study some properties of the canonical transformations in classical mechanics and quantum field theory and give a number of practical formulas concerning their generating functions. First, we give a diagrammatic formula for the perturbative expansion of the composition law around the identity map. Then we propose a standard way to express the generating function of a canonical transformation by means of a certain “componential” map, which obeys the Baker–Campbell–Hausdorff formula. We derive the diagrammatic interpretation of the componential map, work out its relation with the solution of the Hamilton–Jacobi equation and derive its time-ordered version. Finally, we generalize the results to the Batalin–Vilkovisky formalism, where the conjugate variables may have both bosonic and fermionic statistics, and describe applications to quantum field theory."
"The thermal radiation of scalar particles and Dirac fermions from squashed charged rotating five-dimensional black holes is considered. To obtain the temperature of the black holes we use the tunnelling method. In the case of scalar particles we make use of the Hamilton–Jacobi equation. To consider tunnelling of fermions the Dirac equation was investigated. The examination shows that the radial parts of the action for scalar particles and fermions in the quasi-classical limit in the vicinity of horizon are almost the same and as a consequence it gives rise to identical expressions for the temperature in the two cases."
"We investigate some peculiarities in the calculation of the two-loop beta function of supersymmetric models which are intimately related to the so-called “anomaly puzzle”. There is an apparent paradox when the computation is performed in the framework of the covariant derivative background field method. In this formalism, there is obtained a finite two-loop effective action, although a non-null coefficient for the beta function is achieved by means of the renormalized two-point function in the background field. We show that if the standard background field method is used, this two-point function has a divergent part which allows for the calculation of the beta function via the renormalization constants, as usual. Therefore, we conjecture that this paradox has its origin in the covariant supergraph formalism itself, possibly being an artifact of the rescaling anomaly."
"We employ the exponential parametrization of the metric and a “physical” gauge fixing procedure to write a functional flow equation for the gravitational effective average action in an &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) truncation. The background metric is a four-sphere and the coarse-graining procedure contains three free parameters. We look for scaling solutions, i.e. non-Gaussian fixed points for the function &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;. For a discrete set of values of the parameters, we find simple global solutions of quadratic polynomial form. For other values, global solutions can be found numerically. Such solutions can be extended in certain regions of parameter space and have two relevant directions. We discuss the merits and the shortcomings of this procedure."
"We present the analytical expressions for the next-to-leading order corrections to the partial decay width , followed by , for nonzero b-quark mass () in the fixed-flavor-number scheme (FFNs). To make the predictions for the energy distribution of outgoing hadrons , as a function of the normalized -energy fraction , we apply the general-mass variable-flavor-number scheme (GM-VFNs) in a specific helicity coordinate system where the polarization of top quark is evaluated relative to the b-quark momentum. We also study the effects of gluon fragmentation and finite hadron mass on the hadron energy spectrum so that hadron masses are responsible for the low- threshold. In order to describe both the b-quark and the gluon hadronizations in top decays we apply realistic and nonperturbative fragmentation functions extracted through a global fit to the annihilation data from CERN LEP1 and SLAC SLC by relying on their universality and scaling violations."
"With a combined analysis of data on and in an effective field theory approach, we determine resonance parameters of states in two scenarios. In one scenario we assume that states are pure molecular states, while in the other one we assume that states contain compact components. We find that the present data favor that there should be some compact components inside associated with the molecular components. By fitting the invariant mass spectra of and , we determine that the probability of finding the compact components in states may be as large as about 40 %."
"In the present paper, the exact solutions of spherically symmetrical Einstein field equations describing wormholes supported by phantom energy that violates the null energy condition from Shan–Chen background fluid are obtained. We have considered the important case of the model parameter , which corresponds to the “saturation effect”, and this regime corresponds to an effective form of “asymptotic freedom” for the fluids, but occurring at cosmological rather than subnuclear scales. Then we investigate the allowed range for the values of the model parameters &lt;i&gt;g&lt;i/&gt; and when the spacetime metrics describe wormholes and discuss the possible singularities of the solutions, finding that the obtained spacetimes are geodesically complete. Furthermore, we construct two traversable wormholes through matching our obtained interior solutions to the exterior Schwarzschild solutions and analyze the traversablities of the wormholes. Finally, we consider the case of anisotropic pressure and discover that the transverse pressure also crosses the phantom divide with the growth of the wormhole dimension, and it tends to be the same as the radial pressure with the growth of the wormhole radius."
"The ATLAS and CMS collaborations recently recorded possible di-photon excess at 750 GeV and a less significant di-boson excess around 1.9 TeV. Such excesses may be produced in heterotic string derived models, where the di-photon excess may be connected with the Standard Model singlet scalar responsible for the symmetry breaking, whereas the di-boson excess arises from production of the extra vector boson. Additional vector-like states in the string model are instrumental to explain the relatively large width of the di-photon events and mandated by anomaly cancellation to be in the vicinity of the breaking scale. Wilson line breaking of the non-Abelian gauge symmetries in the string models naturally gives rise to dark matter candidates. Future collider experiments will discriminate between the high-scale heterotic-string models, which preserve the perturbative unification paradigm indicated by the Standard Model data, versus the low scale string models. We also discuss the possibility for the production of the diphoton events with high scale breaking."
"In this work we consider how the appearance of gradients of pseudoscalar condensates in dense systems may possibly influence the transport properties of photons in such a medium as well as other thermodynamic characteristics. We adopt the hypothesis that in regions where the pseudoscalar density gradient is large the properties of photons and fermions are governed by the usual lagrangian extended with a Chern–Simons interaction for photons and a constant axial field for fermions. We find that these new pieces in the lagrangian produce non-trivial reflection coefficients both for photons and fermions when entering or leaving a region where the pseudoscalar has a non-zero gradient. A varying pseudoscalar density may also lead to instability of some fermion and boson modes and modify some properties of the Fermi sea. We speculate that some of these modifications could influence the cooling rate of stellar matter (for instance in compact stars) and have other observable consequences. While quantitative results may depend on the precise astrophysical details most of the consequences are quite universal and consideration should be given to this possibility."
"We analyze the tidal forces produced in the spacetime of Reissner–Nordström black holes. We point out that the radial component of the tidal force changes sign just outside the event horizon if the charge-to-mass ratio is close to 1, unlike in Schwarzschild spacetime of uncharged black holes, and that the angular component changes sign between the outer and inner horizons. We solve the geodesic deviation equations for radially falling bodies toward the charged black hole. We find, for example, that the radial component of the geodesic deviation vector starts decreasing inside the event horizon unlike in the Schwarzschild case."
"In this paper we use the conformal teleparallel gravity to study an isotropic and homogeneous Universe which is settled by the Friedmann–Robertson–Walker metric. The conformal symmetry demands the existence of a scalar field which works as a dark field for this model. We solve numerically the field equations then we obtain the behavior of some cosmological parameters such as the scale factor, the deceleration parameter and the energy density of the perfect fluid which is the matter field of our model. The field equations, which we called modified Friedmann equations, allow us to define a dark fluid, with dark energy density and pressure, responsible for the acceleration in the Universe, once we defined an equation of state for the dark fluid."
"On gravity’s rainbow, the energy of test particles deforms the geometry of a black hole in such a way that the corresponding Hawking temperature is expected to be modified. It means that the fiducial and free-fall temperatures on the black hole background should also be modified according to deformation of the geometry. In this work, the probing energy of test particles is assumed as the average energy of the Hawking particle in order to study the particle back reaction of the geometry by using the advantage of gravity’s rainbow. We shall obtain the modified fiducial and free-fall temperatures, respectively. The behaviors of these two temperatures on the horizon tell us that black hole complementarity is still well defined on gravity’s rainbow."
"We evaluate differential cross sections for production of four jets in multi-Regge kinematics at a hadron collider. The main focus lies on the azimuthal angle dependences. As in previous studies, the ratios of correlation functions of products of cosines of azimuthal angle differences among the tagged jets offer us the cleanest quantities to compare with the experimental data. The calculations are based on the jet production from a single BFKL ladder with a convolution of three BFKL Green functions where we always have two forward/backward jets tagged in the final state. We also demand the tagging of two further jets in more central regions of the detectors with a relative separation in rapidity from each other, plus the inclusive production of an arbitrary number of mini-jets. We show that dependences on the transverse momenta and rapidity of the two central jets can be a distinct signal of the onset of BFKL dynamics."
"In this study, we give a thorough analysis of a general affine gravity with torsion. After a brief exposition of the affine gravities considered by Eddington and Schrödinger, we construct and analyze different affine gravities based on the determinants of the Ricci tensor, the torsion tensor, the Riemann tensor, and their combinations. In each case we reduce equations of motion to their simplest forms and give a detailed analysis of their solutions. Our analyses lead to the construction of the affine connection in terms of the curvature and torsion tensors. Our solutions of the dynamical equations show that the curvature tensors at different points are correlated via non-local, exponential rescaling factors determined by the torsion tensor."
"The nature of dark energy affects the Hubble expansion rate (namely, the expansion history) &lt;i&gt;H&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;) by an integral over &lt;i&gt;w&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;). However, the usual observables are the luminosity distances or the angular diameter distances, which measure the distance–redshift relation. Actually, the property of dark energy affects the distances (and the growth factor) by a further integration over functions of &lt;i&gt;H&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;). Thus, the direct measurements of the Hubble parameter &lt;i&gt;H&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;) at different redshifts are of great importance for constraining the properties of dark energy. In this paper, we show how the typical dark energy models, for example, the CDM, &lt;i&gt;w&lt;i/&gt;CDM, CPL, and holographic dark energy models, can be constrained by the current direct measurements of &lt;i&gt;H&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;) (31 data used in total in this paper, covering the redshift range of ). In fact, the future redshift-drift observations (also referred to as the Sandage–Loeb test) can also directly measure &lt;i&gt;H&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;) at higher redshifts, covering the range of . We thus discuss what role the redshift-drift observations can play in constraining dark energy with the Hubble parameter measurements. We show that the constraints on dark energy can be improved greatly with the &lt;i&gt;H&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;) data from only a 10-year observation of redshift drift."
NaN
"We analyse various flavour-changing processes like , as well as hadronic decays , in the framework of a class of two Higgs doublet models where there are flavour-changing neutral scalar currents at tree level. These models have the remarkable feature of having these flavour-violating couplings entirely determined by the CKM and PMNS matrices as well as . The flavour structure of these scalar currents results from a symmetry of the Lagrangian and therefore it is natural and stable under the renormalisation group. We show that in some of the models the rates of the above flavour-changing processes can reach the discovery level at the LHC at 13 TeV even taking into account the stringent bounds on low energy processes, in particular ."
"The study of the Brownian motion of a charged particle in electric and magnetic fields has many important applications in plasma and heavy ions physics, as well as in astrophysics. In the present paper we consider the electromagnetic radiation properties of a charged non-relativistic particle in the presence of electric and magnetic fields, of an exterior non-electromagnetic potential, and of a friction and stochastic force, respectively. We describe the motion of the charged particle by a Langevin and generalized Langevin type stochastic differential equation. We investigate in detail the cases of the Brownian motion with or without memory in a constant electric field, in the presence of an external harmonic potential, and of a constant magnetic field. In all cases the corresponding Langevin equations are solved numerically, and a full description of the spectrum of the emitted radiation and of the physical properties of the motion is obtained. The power spectral density of the emitted power is also obtained for each case, and, for all considered oscillating systems, it shows the presence of peaks, corresponding to certain intervals of the frequency."
"The cosmic microwave background (CMB) and large-scale structure (LSS) are complementary probes in the investigatation of the early and late time Universe. After the current accomplishment of the high accuracies of CMB measurements, accompanying precision cosmology from LSS data is emphasized. We investigate the dynamical dark energy (DE) models which can produce the same CMB angular power spectra as that of the CDM model with less than a sub-percent level accuracy. If one adopts the dynamical DE models using the so-called Chevallier–Polarski–Linder (CPL) parametrization, , then one obtains models named M8, M9, M11, and M12, respectively. The differences of the growth rate, &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;, which is related to the redshift-space distortions (RSD) between different DE models and the CDM model are about 0.2 % only at z = 0. The difference of &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt; between M8 (M9, M11, M12) and the CDM model becomes maximum at with  %. This is a scale-independent quantity. One can investigate the one-loop correction of the matter power spectrum of each model using the standard perturbation theory in order to probe the scale-dependent quantity in the quasi-linear regime (i.e. ). The differences in the matter power spectra including the one-loop correction between M8 (M9, M11, M12) and the CDM model for the scale are 1.8 (0.9, 1.2, 3.0) % at , 3.0 (1.6, 1.9, 4.2) % at , and 3.2 (1.7, 2.0, 4.5) % at . The larger departure from of , the larger the difference in the power spectrum. Thus, one should use both the RSD and the quasi-linear observable in order to discriminate a viable DE model among a slew of the models which are degenerate in CMB. Also we obtain the lower limit on from the CMB acoustic peaks and this will provide a useful limitation on phantom models."
"We discuss how the leading electroweak Higgs production processes at the LHC, namely vector-boson fusion and Higgs associated production, can be characterized in generic extensions of the Standard Model by a proper set of pseudo-observables (PO). We analyze the symmetry properties of these PO and their relation with the PO set appearing in Higgs decays. We discuss in detail the kinematical studies necessary to extract the production PO from data, and present a first estimate of the LHC sensitivity on these observables in the high-luminosity phase. The impact of QCD corrections and the kinematical studies necessary to test the validity of the momentum expansion at the basis of the PO decomposition are also discussed."
"In MSSM scenarios where the gravitino is the lightest supersymmetric particle (LSP), and therefore a viable dark matter candidate, the stop could be the next-to-lightest superpartner (NLSP). For a mass spectrum satisfying , the stop decay is dominated by the 3-body mode . We calculate the stop lifetime, including the full contributions from top, sbottom, and chargino as intermediate states. We also evaluate the stop lifetime for the case when the gravitino can be approximated by the goldstino state. Our analytical results are conveniently expressed using an expansion in terms of the intermediate state mass, which helps to identify the massless limit. In the region of low gravitino mass () the results obtained using the gravitino and goldstino cases turns out to be similar, as expected. However, for higher gravitino masses the results for the lifetime could show a difference of O(100) %."
"We look for predictive flavour patterns of the effective Majorana neutrino mass matrix that are compatible with current neutrino oscillation data. Our search is based on the assumption that the neutrino mass matrix contains equal elements and a minimal number of parameters, in the flavour basis where the charged lepton mass matrix is diagonal and real. Three unique patterns that can successfully explain neutrino observables at the 3 σ confidence level with just three physical parameters are presented. Neutrino textures described by four and five parameters are also studied. The predictions for the lightest neutrino mass, the effective mass parameter in neutrinoless double beta decays and for the CP-violating phases in the leptonic mixing are given."
"New sets of parameters (“tunes”) for the underlying-event (UE) modelling of the pythia8, pythia6 and herwig++ Monte Carlo event generators are constructed using different parton distribution functions. Combined fits to CMS UE proton–proton () data at and to UE proton–antiproton () data from the CDF experiment at lower , are used to study the UE models and constrain their parameters, providing thereby improved predictions for proton–proton collisions at 13. In addition, it is investigated whether the values of the parameters obtained from fits to UE observables are consistent with the values determined from fitting observables sensitive to double-parton scattering processes. Finally, comparisons are presented of the UE tunes to “minimum bias” (MB) events, multijet, and Drell–Yan ( lepton-antilepton+jets) observables at 7 and 8, as well as predictions for MB and UE observables at 13."
"This paper reports a detailed study of techniques for identifying boosted, hadronically decaying &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; bosons using 20.3 fb of proton–proton collision data collected by the ATLAS detector at the LHC at a centre-of-mass energy . A range of techniques for optimising the signal jet mass resolution are combined with various jet substructure variables. The results of these studies in Monte Carlo simulations show that a simple pairwise combination of groomed jet mass and one substructure variable can provide a 50 % efficiency for identifying &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; bosons with transverse momenta larger than 200 GeV while maintaining multijet background efficiencies of 2–4 % for jets with the same transverse momentum. These signal and background efficiencies are confirmed in data for a selection of tagging techniques."
NaN
NaN
"We revisit the rare leptonic decay in the two-Higgs doublet models (2HDMs) with a softly broken symmetry, namely type-I, type-II, type-X and type-Y 2HDMs. We have derived the relevant full one-loop Wilson coefficients of the four 2HDMs from the recent calculation in the aligned 2HDM by Li, Lu and Pich, which could be mapped to all the four 2HDMs for both large and small . It is found that a new term associated with the soft symmetry breaking parameter &lt;i&gt;M&lt;i/&gt; can be enhanced by in the type-II 2HDM, which has not been considered in the literature. Imposing both theoretical and experimental constraints, we have renewed the bounds on the parameter spaces of the four 2HDMs. Different from our previous paper, however, we find that all the four 2HDMs give sizable and similar contributions to within the stringently restricted parameter spaces, but very tiny as regards the mass-eigenstate rate asymmetry ; this makes it unfeasible to discriminate the four types of 2HDM with the correlations between the observables in decay."
"Motivated by the violation of Lorentz invariance in quantum gravity, we study black hole solutions in gravity’s rainbow in the context of Einstein gravity coupled with various models of nonlinear electrodynamics. We regard an energy dependent spacetime and obtain the related metric functions and electric fields. We show that there is an essential singularity at the origin which is covered by an event horizon. We also compute the conserved and thermodynamical quantities and examine the validity of the first law of thermodynamics in the presence of rainbow functions. Finally, we investigate the thermal stability conditions for these black hole solutions in the context of canonical ensemble. We show that the thermodynamical structure of the solutions depends on the choices of nonlinearity parameters, charge, and energy functions."
"It is possible to define an analog of the Riemann tensor for &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt;th order Lovelock gravity, its characterizing property being that the trace of its Bianchi derivative yields the corresponding analog of the Einstein tensor. Interestingly there exist two parallel but distinct such analogs and the main purpose of this note is to reconcile both formulations. In addition we will introduce a simple tensor identity and use it to show that any pure Lovelock vacuum in odd dimensions is Lovelock flat, i.e. any vacuum solution of the theory has vanishing Lovelock–Riemann tensor. Further, in the presence of cosmological constant it is the Lovelock–Weyl tensor that vanishes."
"We study the refined topological string partition function of a class of toric elliptically fibered Calabi–Yau threefolds. These Calabi–Yau threefolds give rise to five dimensional quiver gauge theories and are dual to configurations of M5-M2-branes. We determine the Gopakumar–Vafa invariants for these threefolds and show that the genus &lt;i&gt;g&lt;i/&gt; free energy is given by the weight 2 g Eisenstein series. We also show that although the free energy at all genera are modular invariant, the full partition function satisfies the non-perturbative modular transformation property discussed by Lockhart and Vafa in arXiv:1210.5909 and therefore the modularity of free energy is up to non-perturbative corrections."
"This paper deals with the steady-state polytropic fluid accretion onto a higher-dimensional Reissner–Nordström black hole. We formulate the generalized mass flux conservation equation, energy flux conservation and relativistic Bernoulli equation to discuss the accretion process. The critical accretion is investigated by finding the critical radius, the critical sound velocity, and the critical flow velocity. We also explore gas compression and temperature profiles to analyze the asymptotic behavior. It is found that the results for the Schwarzschild black hole are recovered when in four dimensions. We conclude that the accretion process in higher dimensions becomes slower in the presence of charge."
"In this paper, we analytically investigate the properties of holographic superconductors in higher dimensions in the framework of Born–Infeld electrodynamics taking into account the back-reaction of the spacetime using the Sturm–Liouville eigenvalue method. In the background of pure Einstein and Gauss–Bonnet gravity, based on a perturbative approach, we obtain the relation between the critical temperature and the charge density. Higher values of the back-reaction and Born–Infeld parameters result in a harder condensation to form in both cases. The analytical results are found to agree with the existing numerical results. We also derive an expression for the condensation operator in &lt;i&gt;d&lt;i/&gt; dimensions which yields a critical exponent of 1 / 2."
"In this work, we analyze the effects of thermal fluctuations on the thermodynamics of a modified Hayward black hole. These thermal fluctuations will produce correction terms for various thermodynamical quantities like entropy, pressure, internal energy, and specific heats. We also investigate the effect of these correction terms on the first law of thermodynamics. Finally, we study the phase transition for the modified Hayward black hole. It is demonstrated that the modified Hayward black hole is stable even after the thermal fluctuations are taken into account, as long as the event horizon is larger than a certain critical value."
"Electroweak radiative corrections to the production of high-multiplicity final states with several intermediate resonances in most cases can be sufficiently well described by the leading contribution of an expansion about the resonance poles. In this approach, also known as pole approximation, corrections are classified into separately gauge-invariant factorizable and non-factorizable corrections, where the former can be attributed to the production and decay of the unstable particles on their mass shell. The remaining non-factorizable corrections are induced by the exchange of soft photons between different production and decay subprocesses. We give explicit analytical results for the non-factorizable photonic virtual corrections to the production of an arbitrary number of unstable particles at the one-loop level and, thus, present an essential building block in the calculation of next-to-leading-order electroweak corrections in pole approximation. The remaining virtual factorizable corrections can be obtained with modern automated one-loop matrix-element generators, while the evaluation of the corresponding real photonic corrections can be evaluated with full matrix elements by multi-purpose Monte Carlo generators. Our results can be easily modified to non-factorizable QCD corrections, which are induced by soft-gluon exchange."
"In certain extensions of General Relativity, wormholes generated by spherically symmetric electric fields can resolve black hole singularities without necessarily removing curvature divergences. This is shown by studying geodesic completeness, the behavior of time-like congruences going through the divergent region, and by means of scattering of waves off the wormhole. This provides an example of the logical independence between curvature divergences and space-time singularities, concepts very often identified with each other in the literature."
"In this article, we construct both the axialvector-diquark–axialvector-diquark–antiquark type and the axialvector-diquark–scalar-diquark–antiquark type interpolating currents, then calculate the contributions of the vacuum condensates up to dimension 10 in the operator product expansion, and we study the masses and pole residues of the hidden-charm pentaquark states with the QCD sum rules in a systematic way. In calculations, we use the formula to determine the energy scales of the QCD spectral densities. We take into account the breaking effects of the light quarks, and we obtain the masses of the hidden-charm pentaquark states with the strangeness , which can be confronted with the experimental data in the future."
"We study the ultraviolet properties of theories whose fundamental fields display a confining, Gribov-type, propagator. These are propagators that exhibit complex poles and violate positivity, thus precluding a physical propagating particle interpretation. We show that the properties of this type of confining propagators do not change the ultraviolet behavior of the theory, in the sense that no new ultraviolet primitive divergences are generated, thus securing the renormalizability of these confining theories. We illustrate these properties by studying a variety of models, including bosonic and fermionic confined degrees of freedom. The more intricate case of super-Yang–Mills with supersymmetries in the Wess–Zumino gauge is taken as example in order to prove these statements to all orders by means of the algebraic renormalization set up."
"Two empirical formulas for the lepton and quark masses (i.e. Kartavtsev’s extended Koide formulas), and , are explored in this paper. For the lepton sector, we show that , only if the uncertainty of the tauon mass is relaxed to about confidence level, and the neutrino masses can consequently be extracted with the current experimental data. For the quark sector, the extended Koide formula should only be applied to the running quark masses, and is found to be rather insensitive to the renormalization effects in a large range of energy scales from GeV to GeV. We find that is always slightly larger than 2/3, but the discrepancy is merely about 5 %."
"The discussions of Hawking radiation via tunneling method have been performed extensively in the case of scalar particles. Moreover, there are also several works in discussing the tunneling method for Hawking radiation by using higher spins, e.g. neutrino, photon, and gravitino, in the background of static black holes. Interestingly, it is found that the Hawking temperature for static black holes using the higher spins particles has no difference compared to the one computed using scalars. In this paper, we study the Hawking radiation for a spherically symmetric and time dependent black holes using the tunneling of Dirac particles, photon, and gravitino. We find that the obtained Hawking temperature is similar to the one derived in the tunneling method by using scalars."
"We discuss flavor symmetries in left–right symmetric theories. We show that such frameworks are a different environment for flavor symmetry model building compared to the usually considered cases. This does not only concern the need to obey the enlarged gauge structure, but also more subtle issues with respect to residual symmetries. Furthermore, if the discrete left–right symmetry is charge conjugation, potential inconsistencies between the flavor and charge conjugation symmetries should be taken care of. In our predictive model based on we analyze the correlations between the smallest neutrino mass, the atmospheric mixing angle and the Dirac CP phase, the latter prefers to lie around maximal values. There is no lepton flavor violation from the Higgs bi-doublet."
"We find an exact formula for the thermally averaged cross section times the relative velocity with relativistic Maxwell–Boltzmann statistics. The formula is valid in the effective field theory approach when the masses of the annihilation products can be neglected compared with the dark matter mass and cut-off scale. The expansion at directly gives the nonrelativistic limit of , which is usually used to compute the relic abundance for heavy particles that decouple when they are nonrelativistic. We compare this expansion with the one obtained by expanding the total cross section in powers of the nonrelativistic relative velocity . We show the correct invariant procedure that gives the nonrelativistic average coinciding with the large &lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt; expansion of in the comoving frame. We explicitly formulate flux, cross section, thermal average, collision integral of the Boltzmann equation in an invariant way using the true relativistic relative , showing the uselessness of the Møller velocity and further elucidating the conceptual and numerical inconsistencies related with its use."
"We study the metric perturbations in the context of restricted &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity, in which a parameter for deviation from the full diffeomorphisms of space-time is introduced. We demonstrate that one can choose the parameter to remove the induced anisotropic stress, which is present in the usual &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity. Moreover, to prevent instability for the vector and tensor metric perturbations, some constraints on the restricted &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity are obtained."
"In this paper, we consider various dark energy models in the framework of a non-canonical scalar field with a Lagrangian density of the form , which provides the standard canonical scalar field model for and . In this particular non-canonical scalar field model, we carry out the analysis for . We then obtain cosmological solutions for constant as well as variable equation of state parameter () for dark energy. We also perform the data analysis for three different functional forms of by using the combination of SN Ia, BAO, and CMB datasets. We have found that for all the choices of , the SN Ia CMB/BAO dataset favors the past decelerated and recent accelerated expansion phase of the universe. Furthermore, using the combined dataset, we have observed that the reconstructed results of and &lt;i&gt;q&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;) are almost choice independent and the resulting cosmological scenarios are in good agreement with the CDM model (within the confidence contour). We have also derived the form of the potentials for each model and the resulting potentials are found to be a quartic potential for constant and a polynomial in for variable ."
"Starting from the general effective hamiltonian relevant to the transitions, we derive the expressions for the full angular distributions of the decay modes, as well as for (). We point out the differences in the treatment of the lepton flavor violating modes with respect to the lepton flavor conserving ones. The relevant Wilson coefficients we evaluate in two different scenarios: (i) The (pseudo-)scalar coefficients are obtained using the (pseudo-)scalar coupling extracted from the experimental non-zero value of , (ii) we revisit a model in which the flavor changing neutral couplings are allowed. We provide the numerical estimates of the branching fractions of the above-mentioned modes in both scenarios."
"Various extensions of the Standard Model motivate the existence of stable magnetic monopoles that could have been created during an early high-energy epoch of the Universe. These primordial magnetic monopoles would be gradually accelerated by cosmic magnetic fields and could reach high velocities that make them visible in Cherenkov detectors such as IceCube. Equivalently to electrically charged particles, magnetic monopoles produce direct and indirect Cherenkov light while traversing through matter at relativistic velocities. This paper describes searches for relativistic () and mildly relativistic () monopoles, each using one year of data taken in 2008/2009 and 2011/2012, respectively. No monopole candidate was detected. For a velocity above the monopole flux is constrained down to a level of . This is an improvement of almost two orders of magnitude over previous limits."
"In this article, we construct a class of constant curvature and spherically symmetric thin-shell Lorentzian wormholes in &lt;i&gt;F&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) theories of gravity and we analyze their stability under perturbations preserving the symmetry. We find that the junction conditions determine the equation of state of the matter at the throat. As a particular case, we consider configurations with mass and charge. We obtain that stable static solutions are possible for suitable values of the parameters of the model."
"We investigate the properties of inner and outer horizon thermodynamics of Sen black hole (BH) both in &lt;i&gt;Einstein frame&lt;i/&gt; (EF) and &lt;i&gt;string frame&lt;i/&gt; (SF). We also compute area (or entropy) product, area (or entropy) sum of the said BH in EF as well as SF. In the EF, we observe that the area (or entropy) product is &lt;i&gt;universal&lt;i/&gt;, whereas area (or entropy) sum is &lt;i&gt;not&lt;i/&gt; universal. On the other hand, in the SF, area (or entropy) product and area (or entropy) sum don’t have any universal behaviour because they all are depends on Arnowitt–Deser–Misner (ADM) mass parameter. We also verify that the &lt;i&gt;first law&lt;i/&gt; is satisfied at the Cauchy horizon as well as event horizon (EH). In addition, we also compute other thermodynamic products and sums in the EF as well as in the SF. We further compute the &lt;i&gt;Smarr mass formula&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;Christodoulou’s irreducible mass formula&lt;i/&gt; for Sen BH. Moreover, we compute the area bound and entropy bound for both the horizons. The upper area bound for EH is actually the Penrose like inequality, which is the first geometric inequality in BHs. Furthermore, we compute the central charges of the left and right moving sectors of the dual CFT in Sen/CFT correspondence using thermodynamic relations. These thermodynamic relations on the multi-horizons give us further understanding the microscopic nature of BH entropy (both interior and exterior)."
"A variable speed of light (VSL) cosmology is described in which the causal mechanism of generating primordial perturbations is achieved by varying the speed of light in a primordial epoch. This yields an alternative to inflation for explaining the formation of the cosmic microwave background (CMB) and the large scale structure (LSS) of the universe. The initial value horizon and flatness problems in cosmology are solved. The model predicts primordial scalar and tensor fluctuation spectral indices and , respectively. We make use of the formalism to identify signatures of primordial nonlinear fluctuations, and this allows the VSL model to be distinguished from inflationary models. In particular, we find that the parameter in the variable speed of light cosmology. The value of the parameter evolves during the primordial era and shows a running behavior."
"It is common knowledge that the Einstein–Hilbert action does not furnish a well-posed variational principle. The usual solution to this problem is to add an extra boundary term to the action, called a counter-term, so that the variational principle becomes well-posed. When the boundary is spacelike or timelike, the Gibbons–Hawking–York counter-term is the most widely used. For null boundaries, we had proposed a counter-term in a previous paper. In this paper, we extend the previous analysis and propose a counter-term that can be used to eliminate variations of the “off-the-surface” derivatives of the metric on any boundary, regardless of its spacelike, timelike or null nature."
"The cross section for production in the all-jets final state is measured in pp collisions at a centre-of-mass energy of 8  at the LHC with the CMS detector, in data corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 18.4 . The inclusive cross section is found to be  . The normalized differential cross sections are measured as a function of the top quark transverse momenta, , and compared to predictions from quantum chromodynamics. The results are reported at detector, parton, and particle levels. In all cases, the measured top quark spectra are significantly softer than theoretical predictions."
"The TeV blazar Markarian 421 underwent multi-TeV flaring during April 2004 and simultaneously observations in the X-ray and TeV energies were made. It was observed that the TeV outbursts had no counterparts in the lower energy range. One implication of this is that it might be an orphan flare. We show that Fermi-accelerated protons of energy 168 TeV can interact with the low energy tail of the background synchrotron self-Compton photons in the inner region of the blazar to produce the multi-TeV flare and our results fit very well with the observed spectrum. Based on our study, we predict that the blazars with a deep valley in between the end of the synchrotron spectrum and the beginning of the SSC spectrum are possible candidates for orphan flaring. Future possible candidates for this scenario are the HBLs Mrk 501 and PG 1553 + 113 objects."
"We investigate the effect of the hyperscaling violation on the holographic superconductors. In the s-wave model, we find that the critical temperature decreases first and then increases as the hyperscaling violation increases, and the mass of the scalar field will not modify the value of the hyperscaling violation which gives the minimum critical temperature. We analytically confirm the numerical results by using the Sturm–Liouville method with the higher order trial function and improve the previous findings in Fan (J High Energy Phys 09:048, 2013). However, different from the s-wave case, we note that the critical temperature decreases with the increase of the hyperscaling violation in the p-wave model. In addition, we observe that the hyperscaling violation affects the conductivity of the holographic superconductors and changes the expected relation in the gap frequency in both s-wave and p-wave models."
"We evaluate the two-photon exchange (TPE) correction to the muon–proton elastic scattering at small momentum transfer. Besides the elastic (nucleon) intermediate state contribution, which is calculated exactly, we account for the inelastic intermediate states by expressing the TPE process approximately through the forward doubly virtual Compton scattering. The input in our evaluation is given by the unpolarized proton structure functions and by one subtraction function. For the latter, we provide an explicit evaluation based on a Regge fit of high-energy proton structure function data. It is found that, for the kinematics of the forthcoming muon–proton elastic scattering data of the MUSE experiment, the elastic TPE contribution dominates, and the size of the inelastic TPE contributions is within the anticipated error of the forthcoming data."
"We study the collider signatures of a long-lived massive colored scalar transforming trivially under the weak interaction and decaying within the inner sections of a detector such as ATLAS or CMS. In our study, we assume that the colored scalar couples at tree-level to a top quark and a stable fermion, possibly arising from a dark sector or from supersymmetric extensions of the Standard Model. After implementing the latest experimental searches for long-lived colored scalars, we observe a region of parameter space consistent with a colored electroweak-singlet scalar with mass between –350 GeV and a lifetime between 0.1–1  together, with a nearly degenerate dark fermion that may be probed at the  TeV LHC. We show that a search strategy using a combination of cuts on missing transverse energy and impact parameters can exclude regions of parameter space not accessed by prompt searches. We show that a region of parameter space within our simplified model may naturally arise from the light-stop window regime of supersymmetric extensions of the Standard Model, where a light mostly right-handed stop has a mass slightly larger than the lightest neutralino and decays through a four-body process."
"In this work, we discuss the accretion onto static spherically symmetric regular black holes for specific choices of the equation of state parameter. The underlying regular black holes are charged regular black holes using the Fermi–Dirac distribution, logistic distribution, nonlinear electrodynamics, respectively, and Kehagias–Sftesos asymptotically flat regular black holes. We obtain the critical radius, critical speed, and squared sound speed during the accretion process near the regular black holes. We also study the behavior of radial velocity, energy density, and the rate of change of the mass for each of the regular black holes."
"We study the electroweak vacuum stability in Type I seesaw models for three generations of neutrinos in scenarios where the right-handed neutrinos have explicit bare mass terms in the Lagrangian and where these are dynamically generated through the mechanism of spontaneous symmetry breaking. To best highlight the difference of the two cases we concentrate on the absolute stability of the scalar potential. We observe that for the first scenario, the scale at which the scalar potential becomes unstable is lower from that within the standard model. In addition the Yukawa couplings are constrained such that . In the second scenario the electroweak stability can be improved in a large region of parameter space. However, we found that the scalar used to break the lepton number symmetry cannot be too light and have a large coupling to right-handed neutrinos in order for the seesaw mechanism to be a valid mechanism for neutrino mass generation. In this case we have ."
"We study the decay to based on the chiral unitary approach, which generates the X(3720) resonance, and we make predictions for the invariant mass distribution. From the shape of the distribution, the existence of the resonance below threshold could be induced. We also predict the rate of production of the X(3720) resonance to the mass distribution with no free parameters."
"We present a test of general relativity, the measurement of the Earth’s dragging of inertial frames. Our result is obtained using about 3.5 years of laser-ranged observations of the LARES, LAGEOS, and LAGEOS 2 laser-ranged satellites together with the Earth gravity field model GGM05S produced by the space geodesy mission GRACE. We measure , where is the Earth’s dragging of inertial frames normalized to its general relativity value, 0.002 is the 1-sigma formal error and 0.05 is our preliminary estimate of systematic error mainly due to the uncertainties in the Earth gravity model GGM05S. Our result is in agreement with the prediction of general relativity."
"We present an exact spherical black hole solution in de Rham, Gabadadze, and Tolley (dRGT) massive gravity for a generic choice of the parameters in the theory, and also discuss the thermodynamical and phase structure of the black hole in both the grand canonical and the canonical ensembles (for the charged case). It turns out that the dRGT black hole solution includes other known solutions to the Einstein field equations, such as the monopole-de Sitter–Schwarzschild solution with the coefficients of the third and fourth terms in the potential and the graviton mass in massive gravity naturally generates the cosmological constant and the global monopole term. Furthermore, we compute the mass, temperature and entropy of the dRGT black hole, and also perform thermodynamical stability analysis. It turns out that the presence of the graviton mass completely changes the black hole thermodynamics, and it can provide the Hawking–Page phase transition which also occurs for the charged black holes. Interestingly, the entropy of a black hole is barely affected and still obeys the standard area law. In particular, our results, in the limit , reduced exactly to the results of general relativity."
"We discuss the production of a heavy neutral Higgs boson of a -conserving two-Higgs-doublet model in gluon fusion and its decay into a four-fermion final state, . We investigate the interference contributions to invariant mass distributions of the four-fermion final state and other relevant kinematical observables. The relative importance of the different contributions is quantified for the process in the on-shell approximation, . We show that interferences of the heavy Higgs with the light Higgs boson and background contributions are essential for a correct description of the differential cross section. Even though they contribute below to those heavy Higgs signal cross sections, to which the experiments at the Large Hadron Collider were sensitive in its first run, we find that they are sizable in certain regions of the parameter space that are relevant for future heavy Higgs boson searches. In fact, the interference contributions can significantly enhance the experimental sensitivity to the heavy Higgs boson."
"The radiative neutrino mass model can relate neutrino masses and dark matter at a TeV scale. If we apply this model to thermal leptogenesis, we need to consider resonant leptogenesis at that scale. It requires both finely degenerate masses for the right-handed neutrinos and a tiny neutrino Yukawa coupling. We propose an extension of the model with a &lt;i&gt;U&lt;i/&gt;(1) gauge symmetry, in which these conditions are shown to be simultaneously realized through a TeV scale symmetry breaking. Moreover, this extension can bring about a small quartic scalar coupling between the Higgs doublet scalar and an inert doublet scalar which characterizes the radiative neutrino mass generation. It also is the origin of the symmetry which guarantees the stability of dark matter. Several assumptions which are independently supposed in the original model are closely connected through this extension."
"We speculate about the origin of the recent excess at 750 GeV in diphoton resonance searches observed by the ATLAS and CMS experiments using the first 13 TeV data. Its interpretation as a new scalar resonance produced in gluon fusion and decaying to photons is consistent with all relevant exclusion bounds from the 8 TeV LHC run. We provide a simple phenomenological framework to parametrize the properties of the new resonance and show in a model-independent way that, if the scalar is produced in gluon fusion, additional new colored and charged particles are required. Finally, we discuss some interpretations in various concrete setups, such as a singlet (pseudo-) scalar, composite Higgs, and the MSSM."
"The uncertainties in parton distribution functions (PDFs) are the dominant source of the systematic uncertainty in precision measurements of electroweak parameters at hadron colliders (e.g. , and the mass of the W boson). We show that measurements of the forward–backward charge asymmetry () of Drell–Yan dilepton events produced at hadron colliders provide a new powerful tool to reduce the PDF uncertainties in these measurements."
"The deep underground neutrino experiment (DUNE) is a proposed next generation superbeam experiment at Fermilab. Its aims include measuring the unknown neutrino oscillation parameters—the neutrino mass hierarchy, the octant of the mixing angle , and the CP-violating phase . The current and upcoming experiments T2K, NOA, and ICAL@INO will also be collecting data for the same measurements. In this paper, we explore the sensitivity reach of DUNE in combination with these other experiments. We evaluate the least exposure required by DUNE to determine the above three unknown parameters with reasonable confidence. We find that for each case, the inclusion of data from T2K, NOA, and ICAL@INO help to achieve the same sensitivity with a reduced exposure from DUNE thereby helping to economize the configuration. Further, we quantify the effect of the proposed near detector on systematic errors and study the consequent improvement in sensitivity. We also examine the role played by the second oscillation cycle in furthering the physics reach of DUNE. Finally, we present an optimization study of the neutrino–antineutrino running of DUNE."
"Super Yang–Mills theory is a highly constrained theory, and therefore a valuable tool to test the understanding of less constrained Yang–Mills theories. Our aim is to use it to test our understanding of both the Landau gauge beyond perturbation theory and the truncations of Dyson–Schwinger equations in ordinary Yang–Mills theories. We derive the corresponding equations within the usual one-loop truncation for the propagators after imposing the Landau gauge. We find a conformal solution in this approximation, which surprisingly resembles many aspects of ordinary Yang–Mills theories. We furthermore discuss which role the Gribov–Singer ambiguity in this context could play, should it exist in this theory."
"A de Sitter black hole or a black hole spacetime endowed with a positive cosmological constant has two Killing horizons—a black hole and a cosmological event horizon surrounding it. It is natural to expect that the total Bekenstein–Hawking entropy of such spacetimes should be the sum of the two horizons’ areas. In this work we apply the recently developed formalism using the Gibbons–Hawking–York boundary term and the near horizon symmetries to derive the total entropy of such two horizon spacetimes. We construct a suitable general geometric set up for general stationary axisymmetric spacetimes with two or more than two commuting Killing vector fields in an arbitrary spacetime dimensions. This framework helps us to deal with both horizons on an equal footing. We show that in order to obtain the total entropy of such spacetimes, the near horizon mode functions for the diffeomorphism generating vector fields have to be restricted in a certain manner, compared to the single horizon spacetimes. We next discuss specific known exact solutions belonging to the Kerr–Newman or the Plebanski–Demianski–de Sitter families to show that they fall into the category of our general framework. We end with a sketch of further possible extensions of this work."
"The role of the Weyl tensor in black hole thermodynamics is explored by looking at the relation between the scalar invariant and the entropy of &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt;-dimensional static black holes. It is found that this invariant can be identified as the entropy density of the gravitational fields for classical 5-dimensional black holes. We calculate the proper volume integrals of for the Schwarzschild and Schwarzschild–anti-de Sitter black holes and show that these integrals correctly lead to the Bekenstein–Hawking entropy formulas, only up to some coefficients. ’"
"We show that to investigate the thermodynamic properties of charged phantom spherically symmetric anti-de Sitter black holes, it is necessary to consider the cosmological constant as a thermodynamic variable so that the corresponding fundamental equation is a homogeneous function defined on an extended equilibrium space. We explore all the thermodynamic properties of this class of black holes by using the classical physical approach, based upon the analysis of the fundamental equation, and the alternative mathematical approach as proposed in geometrothermodynamics. We show that both approaches are compatible and lead to equivalent results."
"The -particle light response of liquid scintillators based on linear alkylbenzene (LAB) has been measured with three different experimental approaches. In the first approach, -particles were produced in the scintillator via C(&lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt;,)Be reactions. In the second approach, the scintillator was loaded with 2 % of Sm providing an -emitter, Sm, as an internal source. In the third approach, a scintillator flask was deployed into the water-filled SNO+ detector and the radioactive contaminants Rn, Po and Po provided the -particle signal. The behavior of the observed -particle light outputs are in agreement with each case successfully described by Birks’ law. The resulting Birks parameter &lt;i&gt;kB&lt;i/&gt; ranges from to  cm/MeV. In the first approach, the -particle light response was measured simultaneously with the light response of recoil protons produced via neutron–proton elastic scattering. This enabled a first time a direct comparison of &lt;i&gt;kB&lt;i/&gt; describing the proton and the -particle response of LAB based scintillator. The observed &lt;i&gt;kB&lt;i/&gt; values describing the two light response functions deviate by more than . The presented results are valuable for all current and future detectors, using LAB based scintillator as target, since they depend on an accurate knowledge of the scintillator response to different particles."
"We studied the radiative muon decay μ+ → e+νν̅γ by using for the first time an almost fully polarized muon source. We identified a large sample (~13,000) of these decays in a total sample of positive muon decays collected in the MEG experiment in the years 2009–2010 and measured the branching ratio for and , consistent with the Standard Model prediction. The precise measurement of this decay mode provides a basic tool for the timing calibration, a normalization channel, and a strong quality check of the complete MEG experiment in the search for process."
"This report reviews the study of open heavy-flavour and quarkonium production in high-energy hadronic collisions, as tools to investigate fundamental aspects of Quantum Chromodynamics, from the proton and nucleus structure at high energy to deconfinement and the properties of the Quark–Gluon Plasma. Emphasis is given to the lessons learnt from LHC Run 1 results, which are reviewed in a global picture with the results from SPS and RHIC at lower energies, as well as to the questions to be addressed in the future. The report covers heavy flavour and quarkonium production in proton–proton, proton–nucleus and nucleus–nucleus collisions. This includes discussion of the effects of hot and cold strongly interacting matter, quarkonium photoproduction in nucleus–nucleus collisions and perspectives on the study of heavy flavour and quarkonium with upgrades of existing experiments and new experiments. The report results from the activity of the SaporeGravis network of the I3 Hadron Physics programme of the European Union 7 Framework Programme."
"We obtain bounds for the minimum and maximum mass/radius ratio of a stable, charged, spherically symmetric compact object in a &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt;-dimensional space-time in the framework of general relativity, and in the presence of dark energy. The total energy, including the gravitational component, and the stability of objects with minimum mass/radius ratio is also investigated. The minimum energy condition leads to a representation of the mass and radius of the charged objects with minimum mass/radius ratio in terms of the charge and vacuum energy only. As applied to the electron in the four-dimensional case, this procedure allows one to re-obtain the classical electron radius from purely general relativistic considerations. By combining the lower mass bound, in four space-time dimensions, with minimum length uncertainty relations (MLUR) motivated by quantum gravity, we obtain an alternative bound for the maximum charge/mass ratio of a stable, gravitating, charged quantum mechanical object, expressed in terms of fundamental constants. Evaluating this limit numerically, we obtain again the correct order of magnitude value for the charge/mass ratio of the electron, as required by the stability conditions. This suggests that, if the electron were either less massive (with the same charge) or if its charge were any higher (for fixed mass), a combination of electrostatic and dark energy repulsion would destabilize the Compton radius. In other words, the electron would blow itself apart. Our results suggest the existence of a deep connection between gravity, the presence of the cosmological constant, and the stability of fundamental particles."
"In this paper we study the &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt;, jet, , and jet production in &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collisions at the LHC considering different models for the intrinsic charm content of the proton. We analyze the impact of the intrinsic charm in the rapidity and transverse momentum distributions for these different processes. Our results indicated that differently from the other processes, the cross section is strongly affected by the presence of the intrinsic charm. Moreover, we propose the analysis of the ratios and and we demonstrate that these observables can be used as a probe of the intrinsic charm."
"It is well known that Einstein gravity is kinematic (meaning that there is no non-trivial vacuum solution; i.e. the Riemann tensor vanishes whenever the Ricci tensor does so) in 3 dimension because the Riemann tensor is entirely given in terms of the Ricci tensor. Could this property be universalized for all odd dimensions in a generalized theory? The answer is yes, and this property uniquely singles out pure Lovelock (it has only one &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt;th order term in the action) gravity for which the &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt;th order Lovelock–Riemann tensor is indeed given in terms of the corresponding Ricci tensor for all odd, , dimensions. This feature of gravity is realized only in higher dimensions and it uniquely picks out pure Lovelock gravity from all other generalizations of Einstein gravity. It serves as a good distinguishing and guiding criterion for the gravitational equation in higher dimensions."
"In this paper we revisit the double vector meson production in interactions at heavy ion collisions and present, by the first time, predictions for the and production in proton–nucleus and proton–proton collisions. In order to obtain realistic predictions for rapidity distributions and total cross sections for the double vector production in ultra peripheral hadronic collisions we take into account the description of cross section at low energies as well as its behavior at large energies, associated to the gluonic interaction between the color dipoles. Our results demonstrate that the double production is dominated by the low energy behavior of the cross section. In contrast, for the double production, the contribution associated to the description of the QCD dynamics at high energies contributes significantly, mainly in &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collisions. Predictions for the RHIC, LHC, FCC, and CEPC–SPPC energies are shown."
"Asymptotic analytic solutions of the Dirac equation, giving the scattering modes (of the continuous energy spectrum, ) in Schwarzschild’s chart and Cartesian gauge, are used for building the partial wave analysis of Dirac fermions scattered by black holes. In this framework, the analytic expressions of the differential cross section and induced polarization degree are derived in terms of scattering angle, mass of the black hole, and energy and mass of the fermion. Moreover, the closed form of the absorption cross section due to the scattering modes is derived showing that in the high-energy limit this tends to the event horizon area regardless of the fermion mass (including zero). A graphical study presents the differential cross section analyzing the forward/backward scattering (known also as glory scattering) and the polarization degree as functions of scattering angle. The graphical analysis shows the presence of oscillations in scattering intensity around forward/backward directions, phenomena known as spiral scattering. The energy dependence of the differential cross section is also established by using analytical and graphical methods."
"Finite BRST-BV transformations are studied systematically within the &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt;–&lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt; formulation of the standard and the &lt;i&gt;Sp&lt;i/&gt;(2)-extended field–antifield formalism. The finite BRST-BV transformations are introduced by formulating a new version of the Lie equations. The corresponding finite change of the gauge-fixing master action &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt; and the corresponding Ward identity are derived."
"The thermal history of a large class of running vacuum models in which the effective cosmological term is described by a truncated power series of the Hubble rate, whose dominant term is , is discussed in detail. Specifically, by assuming that the ultrarelativistic particles produced by the vacuum decay emerge into space-time in such a way that its energy density , the temperature evolution law and the increasing entropy function are analytically calculated. For the whole class of vacuum models explored here we find that the primeval value of the comoving radiation entropy density (associated to effectively massless particles) starts from zero and evolves extremely fast until reaching a maximum near the end of the vacuum decay phase, where it saturates. The late-time conservation of the radiation entropy during the adiabatic FRW phase also guarantees that the whole class of running vacuum models predicts the same correct value of the present day entropy, – (in natural units), independently of the initial conditions. In addition, by assuming Gibbons–Hawking temperature as an initial condition, we find that the ratio between the late-time and primordial vacuum energy densities is in agreement with naive estimates from quantum field theory, namely, . Such results are independent on the power &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt; and suggests that the observed Universe may evolve smoothly between two extreme, unstable, non-singular de Sitter phases."
"A renormalizable theory of gravity is obtained if the dimension-less 4-derivative kinetic term of the graviton, which classically suffers from negative unbounded energy, admits a sensible quantization. We find that a 4-derivative degree of freedom involves a canonical coordinate with unusual time-inversion parity, and that a correspondingly unusual representation must be employed for the relative quantum operator. The resulting theory has positive energy eigenvalues, normalizable wavefunctions, unitary evolution in a negative-norm configuration space. We present a formalism for quantum mechanics with a generic norm."
"The “exact” or “functional” renormalization group equation describes the renormalization group flow of the effective average action . The ordinary effective action can be obtained by integrating the flow equation from an ultraviolet scale down to . We give several examples of such calculations at one-loop, both in renormalizable and in effective field theories. We reproduce the four-point scattering amplitude in the case of a real scalar field theory with quartic potential and in the case of the pion chiral Lagrangian. In the case of gauge theories, we reproduce the vacuum polarization of QED and of Yang–Mills theory. We also compute the two-point functions for scalars and gravitons in the effective field theory of scalar fields minimally coupled to gravity."
"Lie symmetries are discussed for the Wheeler-De Witt equation in Bianchi Class A cosmologies. In particular, we consider general relativity, minimally coupled scalar-field gravity and hybrid gravity as paradigmatic examples of the approach. Several invariant solutions are determined and classified according to the form of the scalar-field potential. The approach gives rise to a suitable method to select classical solutions and it is based on the first principle of the existence of symmetries."
"We study the production of Mueller–Navelet jets at 13 TeV LHC, within collinear factorization and including the BFKL resummation of energy logarithms in the next-to-leading approximation. We calculate several azimuthal correlations for different values of the rapidity separation &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt; between the two jets and evaluate the effect of excluding those events where, for a given &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;, one of the two jets is produced in the central region."
"The MEG experiment makes use of one of the world’s most intense low energy muon beams, in order to search for the lepton flavour violating process . We determined the residual beam polarization at the thin stopping target, by measuring the asymmetry of the angular distribution of Michel decay positrons as a function of energy. The initial muon beam polarization at the production is predicted to be by the Standard Model (SM) with massless neutrinos. We estimated our residual muon polarization to be at the stopping target, which is consistent with the SM predictions when the depolarizing effects occurring during the muon production, propagation and moderation in the target are taken into account. The knowledge of beam polarization is of fundamental importance in order to model the background of our search induced by the muon radiative decay: ."
"We discuss spherically symmetric exact solutions of the Einstein equations for quintessential matter surrounding a black hole, which has an additional parameter () due to the quintessential matter, apart from the mass (&lt;i&gt;M&lt;i/&gt;). In turn, we employ the Newman–Janis complex transformation to this spherical quintessence black hole solution and present a rotating counterpart that is identified, for and , exactly as the Kerr–Newman black hole, and as the Kerr black hole when . Interestingly, for a given value of parameter , there exists a critical rotation parameter (), which corresponds to an extremal black hole with degenerate horizons, while for , it describes a non-extremal black hole with Cauchy and event horizons, and no black hole for . We find that the extremal value is also influenced by the parameter and so is the &lt;i&gt;ergoregion&lt;i/&gt;."
"We present an interface between the multipurpose Monte Carlo tool MadGraph5_aMC@NLO and the automated amplitude generator GoSam. As a first application of this novel framework, we compute the NLO corrections to and matched to a parton shower. In the phenomenological analyses of these processes, we focus our attention on observables which are sensitive to the polarisation of the top quarks."
"For the search for additional Higgs bosons in the Minimal Supersymmetric Standard Model (MSSM) as well as for future precision analyses in the Higgs sector precise knowledge of their production properties is mandatory. We evaluate the cross sections for the neutral Higgs boson production at colliders in the MSSM with complex parameters (cMSSM). The evaluation is based on a full one-loop calculation of the production mechanism , including soft and hard QED radiation. The dependence of the Higgs boson production cross sections on the relevant cMSSM parameters is analyzed numerically. We find sizable contributions to many cross sections. They are, depending on the production channel, roughly of 10–20 % of the tree-level results, but can go up to 50 % or higher. The full one-loop contributions are important for a future linear collider such as the ILC or CLIC. There are plans to implement the evaluation of the Higgs boson production cross sections into the code FeynHiggs."
"This work aims to identify some inhomogeneity factors for a plane symmetric topology with anisotropic and dissipative fluid under the effects of both electromagnetic field as well as Palatini &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity. We construct the modified field equations, kinematical quantities, and mass function to continue our analysis. We have explored the dynamical quantities, conservation equations and modified Ellis equations with the help of a viable &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) model. Some particular cases are discussed with and without dissipation to investigate the corresponding inhomogeneity factors. For a non-radiating scenario, we examine such factors as dust, and isotropic and anisotropic matter in the presence of charge. For a dissipative fluid, we investigate the inhomogeneity factor with a charged dust cloud. We conclude that the electromagnetic field increases the inhomogeneity in matter while the extra curvature terms make the system more homogeneous with the evolution of time."
"We report on an analysis of the impact of available experimental data on hard processes in proton–lead collisions during Run I at the large hadron collider on nuclear modifications of parton distribution functions. Our analysis is restricted to the EPS09 and DSSZ global fits. The measurements that we consider comprise production of massive gauge bosons, jets, charged hadrons and pions. This is the first time a study of nuclear PDFs includes this number of different observables. The goal of the paper is twofold: (i) checking the description of the data by nPDFs, as well as the relevance of these nuclear effects, in a quantitative manner; (ii) testing the constraining power of these data in eventual global fits, for which we use the Bayesian reweighting technique. We find an overall good, even too good, description of the data, indicating that more constraining power would require a better control over the systematic uncertainties and/or the proper proton–proton reference from LHC Run II. Some of the observables, however, show sizeable tension with specific choices of proton and nuclear PDFs. We also comment on the corresponding improvements as regards the theoretical treatment."
"Considering non-Gaussian smeared matter distributions, we investigate the thermodynamic behaviors of the noncommutative high-dimensional Schwarzschild–Tangherlini anti-de Sitter black hole, and we obtain the condition for the existence of extreme black holes. We indicate that the Gaussian smeared matter distribution, which is a special case of non-Gaussian smeared matter distributions, is not applicable for the six- and higher-dimensional black holes due to the hoop conjecture. In particular, the phase transition is analyzed in detail. Moreover, we point out that the Maxwell equal area law holds for the noncommutative black hole whose Hawking temperature is within a specific range, but fails for one whose the Hawking temperature is beyond this range."
"In order to estimate the effects of a local structure on the Hubble parameter we calculate the low-redshift expansion for &lt;i&gt;H&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;) and for an observer at the center of a spherically symmetric matter distribution in the presence of a cosmological constant. We then test the accuracy of the formulas comparing them with fully relativistic non-perturbative numerical calculations for different cases for the density profile. The low-redshift expansion we obtain gives results more precise than perturbation theory since it is based on the use of an exact solution of Einstein’s field equations. For larger density contrasts the low-redshift formulas accuracy improves respect to the perturbation theory accuracy because the latter is based on the assumption of a small density contrast, while the former does not rely on such an assumption. The formulas can be used to take into account the effects on the Hubble expansion parameter due to the monopole component of the local structure. If the &lt;i&gt;H&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;) observations will show deviations from the prediction compatible with the formulas we have derived, this could be considered an independent evidence of the existence of a local inhomogeneity, and the formulas could be used to determine the characteristics of this local structure."
"General relativity extended through a dynamical scalar quartet is proposed as a theory of the scalar–vector–tensor gravity, generically describing the unified gravitational dark matter (DM) and dark energy (DE). The implementation in the weak-field limit of the Higgs mechanism for the extended gravity, with a redefinition of metric field, is exposed in a generally covariant form. Under a natural restriction on the parameters, the redefined theory possesses in the linearized approximation a residual transverse-diffeomorphism invariance, and consistently comprises the massless tensor graviton and a massive scalar one as a DM particle. The number of adjustable parameters in the full nonlinear theory and a partial decoupling of the latter from its weak-field limit noticeably extend the perspectives for the unified description of the gravity DM and DE in the various phenomena at the different scales."
"We consider the hadroproduction of W gauge bosons in their leptonic decay mode. Starting from the leading-order expressions, we show that by defining a suitable scaling variable the centre-of-mass dependence of the cross sections at the LHC energies can be essentially described by a simple power law. The scaling exponent is directly linked to the small-&lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt; behaviour of parton distribution functions (PDF) which, at the high virtualities involved in W production, is largely dictated by QCD evolution equations. This entails a particularly simple scaling law for the lepton charge asymmetry and also predicts that measurements in different collision systems (p–p, p–, p–Pb Pb–Pb) are straightforwardly related. The expectations are compared with the existing data and a very good overall agreement is observed. It is shown that the PDF uncertainty in certain cross-section ratios between nearby centre-of-mass energies can be significantly reduced by taking the ratios at fixed value of the scaling variable instead of fixed rapidity."
"Using the Newman–Janis method to construct the axion–dilaton coupled charged rotating black holes, we show that the energy extraction from such black holes via the Penrose process takes place from the axion/Kalb–Ramond field energy responsible for rendering the angular momentum to the black hole. Determining the explicit form for the Kalb–Ramond field strength, which is argued to be equivalent to spacetime torsion, we demonstrate that at the end of the energy extraction process, the spacetime becomes torsion free with a spherically symmetric non-rotating black hole remnant. In this context, applications to physical phenomena, such as the emission of neutral particles in astrophysical jets, are also discussed. It is seen that the infalling matter gains energy from the rotation of the black hole, or equivalently from the axion field, and that it is ejected as a highly collimated astrophysical jet."
"We investigate the thermodynamics of Schwarzschild–Tangherlini black hole in the context of the generalized uncertainty principle (GUP). The corrections to the Hawking temperature, entropy and the heat capacity are obtained via the modified Hamilton–Jacobi equation. These modifications show that the GUP changes the evolution of the Schwarzschild–Tangherlini black hole. Specially, the GUP effect becomes susceptible when the radius or mass of the black hole approaches the order of Planck scale, it stops radiating and leads to a black hole remnant. Meanwhile, the Planck scale remnant can be confirmed through the analysis of the heat capacity. Those phenomena imply that the GUP may give a way to solve the information paradox. Besides, we also investigate the possibilities to observe the black hole at the Large Hadron Collider (LHC), and the results demonstrate that the black hole cannot be produced in the recent LHC."
"In order to improve the particle identification capability of endcap time-of-flight (ETOF) at Beijing Spectrometer III, it is proposed to upgrade current ETOF detector with multi-gap resistive plate chamber (MRPC) technology aiming at extending ETOF overall time resolution to be 80–100 ps for ’s. The new ETOF system including MRPC detectors, front end electronics, CLOCK module, fast control boards and time-to-digital conversion modules, was built up and underwent 3-month cosmic ray test. The main purposes of the cosmic ray test are examining the construction quality of the system, testing the joint operation of all instruments and guaranteeing the system performance. The results show that MRPC time resolution is better than 80 ps, average efficiency is about 98.5 % and the noise rate of strip is 0.2 Hz/ at the threshold range for normal operation. These results indicate that the entire ETOF system would work well and satisfy the requirements of upgrade."
"Results of a search for new phenomena in events with at least three photons are reported. Data from proton–proton collisions at a centre-of-mass energy of 8 TeV, corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 20.3 fb, were collected with the ATLAS detector at the LHC. The observed data are well described by the Standard Model. Limits at the 95 % confidence level on new phenomena are presented based on the rate of events in an inclusive signal region and a restricted signal region targeting the rare decay , as well as di-photon and tri-photon resonance searches. For a Standard Model Higgs boson decaying to four photons via a pair of intermediate pseudoscalar particles (&lt;i&gt;a&lt;i/&gt;), limits are found to be for 10 GeV 62 GeV. Limits are also presented for Higgs boson-like scalars (&lt;i&gt;H&lt;i/&gt;) for 125 GeV, and for a decaying to three photons via . Additionally, the observed limit on the branching ratio of the &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; boson decay to three photons is found to be BR, a result five times stronger than the previous result from LEP."
"With the current measurements performed by CMS and ATLAS experiments, the light charged Higgs scenario ( 160 GeV), is excluded for most of the parameter space in the context of MSSM. However, there is still possibility to look for heavy charged Higgs boson particularly in the &lt;i&gt;s&lt;i/&gt;-channel single top production process where the charged Higgs may appear as a heavy resonance state and decay to . The production process under consideration in this paper is , where the top quark decays to and boson subsequently decays to two light jets. It is shown that despite the presence of large QCD and electroweak background events, the charged Higgs signal can be extracted and observed at a large area of MSSM parameter space (, tan) at LHC. The observability of charged Higgs is potentially demonstrated with 5 contours and 95 % confidence level exclusion curves at different integrated LHC luminosities assuming a nominal center of mass energy of TeV."
"The heterotic-string models in the free fermionic formulation gave rise to some of the most realistic-string models to date, which possess spacetime supersymmetry. Lack of evidence for supersymmetry at the LHC instigated recent interest in non-supersymmetric heterotic-string vacua. We explore what may be learned in this context from the quasi-realistic free fermionic models. We show that constructions with a low number of families give rise to proliferation of a priori tachyon producing sectors, compared to the non-realistic examples, which typically may contain only one such sector. The reason being that in the realistic cases the internal six dimensional space is fragmented into smaller units. We present one example of a quasi-realistic, non-supersymmetric, non-tachyonic, heterotic-string vacuum and compare the structure of its massless spectrum to the corresponding supersymmetric vacuum. While in some sectors supersymmetry is broken explicitly, i.e. the bosonic and fermionic sectors produce massless and massive states, other sectors, and in particular those leading to the chiral families, continue to exhibit Fermi–Bose degeneracy. In these sectors the massless spectrum, as compared to the supersymmetric cases, will only differ in some local or global &lt;i&gt;U&lt;i/&gt;(1) charges. We discuss the conditions for obtaining at the massless level in these models. Our example model contains an anomalous &lt;i&gt;U&lt;i/&gt;(1) symmetry, which generates a tadpole diagram at one-loop order in string perturbation theory. We speculate that this tadpole diagram may cancel the corresponding diagram generated by the one-loop non-vanishing vacuum energy and that in this respect the supersymmetric and non-supersymmetric vacua should be regarded on an equal footing. Finally we discuss vacua that contain two supersymmetry generating sectors."
"We investigate the thermodynamic behavior of maximally symmetric charged, asymptotically AdS black hole solutions of Lovelock gravity. We explore the thermodynamic stability of such solutions by the ordinary method of calculating the specific heat of the black holes and investigating its divergences which signal second-order phase transitions between black hole states. We then utilize the methods of thermodynamic geometry of black hole spacetimes in order to explain the origin of these points of divergence. We calculate the curvature scalar corresponding to a Legendre-invariant thermodynamic metric of these spacetimes and find that the divergences in the black hole specific heat correspond to singularities in the thermodynamic phase space. We also calculate the area spectrum for large black holes in the model by applying the Bohr–Sommerfeld quantization to the adiabatic invariant calculated for the spacetime."
"In a recent paper in EPJC January 2016, Faizal, Khalil and Das have proposed time crystals with duration several orders of magnitude greater than Planck scale. We comment on this paper and shed further light on this aspect."
"We present a methodology for the construction of parton distribution functions (PDFs) designed to provide an accurate representation of PDF uncertainties for specific processes or classes of processes with a minimal number of PDF error sets: specialized minimal PDF sets, or SM-PDFs. We construct these SM-PDFs in such a way that sets corresponding to different input processes can be combined without losing information, specifically as regards their correlations, and that they are robust upon smooth variations of the kinematic cuts. The proposed strategy never discards information, so that the SM-PDF sets can be enlarged by the addition of new processes, until the prior PDF set is eventually recovered for a large enough set of processes. We illustrate the method by producing SM-PDFs tailored to Higgs, top-quark pair, and electroweak gauge boson physics, and we determine that, when the PDF4LHC15 combined set is used as the prior, around 11, 4, and 11 Hessian eigenvectors, respectively, are enough to fully describe the corresponding processes."
"We propose that the possible 750 GeVdiphoton excess can be explained in the color-octet neutrino mass model extended with a scalar singlet . The model generally contains species of color-octet, electroweak doublet scalars &lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt; and species of color-octet, electroweak triplet or singlet fermions. While both scalars and fermions contribute to the production of through gluon fusion, only the charged members induce the diphoton decay of . The diphoton rate can be significantly enhanced due to interference between the scalar and fermion loops. We show that the diphoton cross section can be from 3 to 10 fb for color-octet particles while evading all current LHC limits."
"We analyze a recently proposed scheme to construct analytic lump solutions in open SFT. We argue that in order for the scheme to be operative and to guarantee background independence it must be implemented in the same 2D conformal field theory in which SFT is formulated. We outline and discuss two different possible approaches. Next we reconsider an older proposal for analytic lump solutions and implement a few improvements. In the course of the analysis we formulate a distinction between regular and singular gauge transformations and advocate the necessity of defining a topology in the space of string fields."
"The new numerical approach that includes mechanisms is applied to double parton scattering (DPS) in W+dijet and Z+dijet final-state production in proton–proton collisions at the LHC. By using the underlying event (UE) simulation from a pythia 8.205 tune extracted in hadronic events, we show that, like in the case of a four-jet final state, the inclusion of mechanisms improves the description of experimental data measured at 7 TeV. The analysis is based on applying an event-by-event reweighting factor to a standard pythia 8.205 sample, by using the theoretical value of , which includes corrections due to mechanisms. In addition, predictions for proton–proton collisions at a center-of-mass energy of 13 TeV are shown for DPS-sensitive observables. The relevant code, used for this analysis, is publicly available at the following link: http://desy.de/~gunnep/SigmaEffectiveDependence/."
"Within the background-field framework we present a path integral derivation of the splitting Ward identity for the one-particle irreducible effective action in the presence of an infrared regulator, and make connection with earlier works on the subject. The approach is general in the sense that it does not rely on how the splitting is performed. This identity is then used to address the problem of background dependence of the effective action at an arbitrary energy scale. We next introduce the modified master equation and emphasize its role in constraining the effective action. Finally, application to general gauge theories within the geometric approach is discussed."
"The charge asymmetry in top quark production at hadron colliders is sensitive to beyond-the-Standard-Model four-fermion interactions. In this study we compare the sensitivity of cross-section and charge asymmetry measurements to effective operators describing four-fermion interactions and study the limits on the validity of this approach. A fit to a combination of Tevatron and LHC measurements yields stringent limits on the linear combinations and of the four-fermion effective operators."
"The centrality dependence of the mean charged-particle multiplicity as a function of pseudorapidity is measured in approximately 1 b of proton–lead collisions at a nucleon–nucleon centre-of-mass energy of   using the ATLAS detector at the Large Hadron Collider. Charged particles with absolute pseudorapidity less than 2.7 are reconstructed using the ATLAS pixel detector. The [see pdf] collision centrality is characterised by the total transverse energy measured in the Pb-going direction of the forward calorimeter. The charged-particle pseudorapidity distributions are found to vary strongly with centrality, with an increasing asymmetry between the proton-going and Pb-going directions as the collisions become more central. Three different estimations of the number of nucleons participating in the [see pdf] collision have been carried out using the Glauber model as well as two Glauber–Gribov inspired extensions to the Glauber model. Charged-particle multiplicities per participant pair are found to vary differently for these three models, highlighting the importance of including colour fluctuations in nucleon–nucleon collisions in the modelling of the initial state of [see pdf] collisions."
"Inclusive production of -hyperons was measured with the large acceptance NA61/SHINE spectrometer at the CERN SPS in inelastic p+p interactions at beam momentum of 158 . Spectra of transverse momentum and transverse mass as well as distributions of rapidity and x are presented. The mean multiplicity was estimated to be . The results are compared with previous measurements and predictions of the Epos, Urqmd and Fritiof models."
"Motivated by the recently improved results from the Fermilab Lattice and MILC Collaborations on the hadronic matrix elements entering in – mixing, we determine the universal unitarity triangle (UUT) in models with constrained minimal flavour violation (CMFV). Of particular importance are the very precise determinations of the ratio and of the angle . They follow in this framework from the experimental values of and of the CP-asymmetry . As in CMFV models the new contributions to meson mixings can be described by a single flavour-universal variable &lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;v&lt;i/&gt;), we next determine the CKM matrix elements , , and as functions of &lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;v&lt;i/&gt;) using the experimental value of as input. The lower bound on &lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;v&lt;i/&gt;) in these models, derived by us in 2006, implies then &lt;i&gt;upper&lt;i/&gt; bounds on these four CKM elements and on the CP-violating parameter , which turns out to be significantly below its experimental value. This strategy avoids the use of tree-level determinations of and , which are presently subject to considerable uncertainties. On the other hand, if is used instead of as input, are found to be significantly above the data. In this manner we point out that the new lattice data have significantly sharpened the tension between and within the CMFV framework. This implies the presence of new physics contributions beyond this framework that are responsible for the breakdown of the flavour universality of the function &lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;v&lt;i/&gt;). We also present the implications of these results for , and within the Standard Model."
"A major new release of the Monte Carlo event generator Herwig++ (version 3.0) is now available. This release marks the end of distinguishing Herwig++ and HERWIG development and therefore constitutes the first major release of version 7 of the Herwig event generator family. The new version features a number of significant improvements to the event simulation, including: built-in NLO hard process calculation for virtually all Standard Model processes, with matching to both angular-ordered and dipole shower modules via both subtractive (MC@NLO-type) and multiplicative (Powheg-type) algorithms; QED radiation and spin correlations in the angular-ordered shower; a consistent treatment of perturbative uncertainties within the hard process and parton showering. Several of the new features will be covered in detail in accompanying publications, and an update of the manual will follow in due course."
"In this paper, we investigate various &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;)-brane models and compare their gravitational resonance structures with the corresponding general relativity (GR)-branes. Starting from some known GR-brane solutions, we derive thick &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;)-brane solutions such that the metric, scalar field, and scalar potential coincide with those of the corresponding GR-branes.We find that for the branes generated by a single or several canonical scalar fields, there is no obvious distinction between the GR-branes and the corresponding &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;)-branes in terms of gravitational resonance structure. Then we discuss the branes generated by a K-field. In this case, there could exist huge differences between GR-branes and &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;)-branes."
"In this paper we show that the excess of the events with respect to the Standard Model background predictions, observed by the ATLAS and CMS collaborations and interpreted as the evidence of the Higgs-boson decay into a pair of -leptons, may be accounted for by properly taking into account QED radiative corrections in the modelling of the background."
"We argue that the secondaries produced in high-energy hadron collisions are emitted by small-size sources distributed over a much larger area in impact parameter space occupied by the interaction amplitude. That is, Bose–Einstein correlation of two emitted identical particles should be described by a ‘two-radii’ parametrisation ansatz. We discuss the expected energy, charged multiplicity and transverse momentum of the pair (that is, ) behaviour of both the small and the large size components."
"We study the charmonium reaction using the effective Lagrangian approach where the contributions from well-established states are considered, and all parameters are fixed in the process of at center of mass energy  GeV. The experimental data on the line shape of the mass distribution of the can be well reproduced. Based on the study of , the total and differential cross sections of the reaction are predicted. At the same time we evaluated also the cross sections of the reaction. It is shown that the contribution of the nucleon pole to this reaction is largest close to the reaction threshold. However, the interference between nucleon pole and the other nucleon resonance can still change the angle distributions significantly. Those theoretical results may be tested by the future experiments at ANDA."
"In this paper we consider a model for gravity in four-dimensional space-time originally proposed by Chamseddine, which may be derived by dimensional reduction and truncation from a five-dimensional Chern–Simons theory. Its topological origin makes it an interesting candidate for an easier quantization, e.g., in the loop quantization framework. The present paper is dedicated to a classical analysis of the model’s properties. Cosmological solutions as well as wave solutions are found and compared with the corresponding solutions of Einstein’s general relativity with cosmological constant."
NaN
"The graviton propagator diverges in certain gauges in de Sitter spacetime. We address this problem in this work by generalizing the infinitesimal BRST transformations in de Sitter spacetime to finite field-dependent BRST (FFBRST) transformations. These FFBRST transformations are a symmetry of the classical action, but they do not leave the path integral measure invariant for the graviton theory in de Sitter spacetime. Due to the non-trivial Jacobian of such a finite transformation the path integral measure changes and hence the FFBRST transformation is capable of relating theories in two different gauges. We explicitly construct the FFBRST transformation which relates the theory with a diverging graviton two-point function to a theory with an infrared finite graviton. The FFBRST transformation thus establishes that the divergence in a graviton two-point function may be only a gauge artifact."
"We first find the linear approximation of the second plus fourth order derivative massive conformal gravity action. Then we reduce the linearized action to separated second order derivative terms, which allows us to quantize the theory by using the standard first order canonical quantization method. It is shown that quantum massive conformal gravity is renormalizable but has ghost states. A possible decoupling of these ghost states at high energies is discussed."
"In this paper, using the combined Lorenz–diffeomorphism symmetry, we find a general formula for the quasi-local conserved charge of the covariant gravity theories in a first order formalism of gravity. We simplify the general formula for the Lovelock theory of gravity. Afterwards, we apply the obtained formula on BHT gravity to obtain the energy and angular momentum of the rotating OTT black hole solution in the context of this theory."
"We investigate the effect of including the HERA run I + II combined cross section data on the MMHT2014 PDFs. We present the fit quality within the context of the global fit and when only the HERA data are included. We examine the changes in both the central values and the uncertainties in the PDFs. We find that the prediction for the data is good, and only relatively small improvements in and changes in the PDFs are obtained with a refit at both NLO and NNLO. PDF uncertainties are slightly reduced. There is a small dependence of the fit quality on the value of . This can be improved by phenomenologically motived corrections to which parametrically are largely in the form of higher-twist type contributions."
"The Korea Invisible Mass Search (KIMS) collaboration has developed low-background NaI(Tl) crystals that are suitable for the direct detection of WIMP dark matter. Building on experience accumulated during the KIMS-CsI programs, the KIMS-NaI experiment will consist of a 200 kg NaI(Tl) crystal array surrounded by layers of shielding structures and will be operated at the Yangyang underground laboratory. The goal is to provide an unambiguous test of the DAMA/LIBRA annual modulation signature. Measurements of six prototype crystals show progress in the reduction of internal contamination from radioisotopes. Based on our understanding of these measurements, we expect to achieve a background level in the final detector configuration that is less than 1 count/day/keV/kg for recoil energies around 2 keV. The annual modulation sensitivity for the KIMS-NaI experiment shows that an unambiguous 7 test of the DAMA/LIBRA signature would be possible with a 600 kg year exposure with this system."
"We report on the inclusive production cross sections of , , (1S), (2S) and (3S), measured at forward rapidity with the ALICE detector in collisions at a center-of-mass energy  TeV. The analysis is based on data collected at the LHC and corresponds to an integrated luminosity of 1.23 pb. Quarkonia are reconstructed in the dimuon-decay channel. The differential production cross sections are measured as a function of the transverse momentum and rapidity &lt;i&gt;y&lt;i/&gt;, over the ranges  GeV/&lt;i&gt;c&lt;i/&gt; for ,  GeV/&lt;i&gt;c&lt;i/&gt; for all other resonances, and for . The cross sections, integrated over and &lt;i&gt;y&lt;i/&gt;, and assuming unpolarized quarkonia, are  b,  b,  nb,  nb and  nb, where the first uncertainty is statistical and the second one is systematic. These values agree, within at most , with measurements performed by the LHCb collaboration in the same rapidity range."
"If new phenomena beyond the Standard Model will be discovered at the LHC, the properties of the new particles could be determined with data from the High-Luminosity LHC and from a future linear collider like the ILC. We discuss the possible interplay between measurements at the two accelerators in a concrete example, namely a full SUSY model which features a small -LSP mass difference. Various channels have been studied using the Snowmass 2013 combined LHC detector implementation in the Delphes simulation package, as well as simulations of the ILD detector concept from the Technical Design Report. We investigate both the LHC and the ILC capabilities for discovery, separation and identification of various parts of the spectrum. While some parts would be discovered at the LHC, there is substantial room for further discoveries at the ILC. We finally highlight examples where the precise knowledge about the lower part of the mass spectrum which could be acquired at the ILC would enable a more in-depth analysis of the LHC data with respect to the heavier states."
"The Littlest Higgs model with T-parity (LHT) belongs to the simplest new physics scenarios with new sources of flavour and CP violation. The latter originate in the interactions of ordinary quarks and leptons with heavy mirror quarks and leptons that are mediated by new heavy gauge bosons. Also a heavy fermionic top partner is present in this model which communicates with the SM fermions by means of standard and gauge bosons. We present a new analysis of quark flavour observables in the LHT model in view of the oncoming flavour precision era. We use all available information on the CKM parameters, lattice QCD input and experimental data on quark flavour observables and corresponding theoretical calculations, taking into account new lower bounds on the symmetry breaking scale and the mirror quark masses from the LHC. We investigate by how much the branching ratios for a number of rare &lt;i&gt;K&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt; decays are still allowed to depart from their SM values. This includes , , , , , , , and . Taking into account the constraints from processes, significant departures from the SM predictions for and are possible, while the effects in &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt; decays are much smaller. In particular, the LHT model favours , which is not supported by the data, and the present anomalies in decays cannot be explained in this model. With the recent lattice and large &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt; input the imposition of the constraint implies a significant suppression of the branching ratio for with respect to its SM value while allowing only for small modifications of . Finally, we investigate how the LHT physics could be distinguished from other models by means of indirect measurements and discuss the consequences for quark flavour observables of not finding any LHT state in the coming years."
"We clarify what it means to have a spacetime fractal geometry in quantum gravity and show that its properties differ from those of usual fractals. A weak and a strong definition of multi-scale and multi-fractal spacetimes are given together with a sketch of the landscape of multi-scale theories of gravitation. Then, in the context of the fractional theory with &lt;i&gt;q&lt;i/&gt;-derivatives, we explore the consequences of living in a multi-fractal spacetime. To illustrate the behavior of a non-relativistic body, we take the entertaining example of a sea turtle. We show that, when only the time direction is fractal, sea turtles swim at a faster speed than in an ordinary world, while they swim at a slower speed if only the spatial directions are fractal. The latter type of geometry is the one most commonly found in quantum gravity. For time-like fractals, relativistic objects can exceed the speed of light, but strongly so only if their size is smaller than the range of particle-physics interactions. We also find new results about log-oscillating measures, the measure presentation and their role in physical observations and in future extensions to nowhere-differentiable stochastic spacetimes."
"We study a self-interacting scalar theory on the &lt;i&gt;d&lt;i/&gt;-dimensional noncommutative torus. We determine, for the particular cases and , the counterterms required by one-loop renormalization. We discuss higher loops in two dimensions and two-loop contributions to the self-energy in four dimensions. Our analysis points toward the absence of any problems related to the ultraviolet/infrared mixing and thus to renormalizability of the theory. However, we find another potentially troubling phenomenon which is a wild behavior of the two-point amplitude as a function of the noncommutativity matrix ."
"The radial motion of massive particles in the equatorial plane of a Kerr black hole is considered. Screening of the Hawking radiation and shielding of the Penrose process are examined (both inside and outside the ergosphere) and their effect on the evaporation of the black hole is studied. In particular, the locus and width of a classically forbidden region and their dependence on the particle’s angular momentum and energy is analysed. Tunneling of particles between the boundaries of this region is considered and the transmission coefficient determined."
"We construct higher-derivative gravities with a non-minimally coupled Maxwell field. The Lagrangian consists of polynomial invariants built from the Riemann tensor and the Maxwell field strength in such a way that the equations of motion are second order for both the metric and the Maxwell potential. We also generalize the construction to involve a generic non-minimally coupled &lt;i&gt;p&lt;i/&gt;-form field strength. We then focus on one low-lying example in four dimensions and construct the exact magnetically charged black holes. We also construct exact electrically charged Lifshitz black holes. We obtain approximate dyonic black holes for the small coupling constant or small charges. We find that the thermodynamics based on the Wald formalism disagrees with that derived from the Euclidean action procedure, suggesting this may be a general situation in higher-derivative gravities with non-minimally coupled form fields. As an application in the AdS/CFT correspondence, we study the entropy/viscosity ratio for the AdS or Lifshitz planar black holes, and find that the exact ratio can be obtained without having to know the details of the solutions, even for this higher-derivative theory."
"We estimate the value of the survival probability for central exclusive production in a model which is based on the CGC/saturation approach. Hard and soft processes are described in the same framework. At LHC energies, we obtain a small value for the survival probability. The source of the small value is the impact parameter dependence of the hard amplitude. Our model has successfully described a large body of soft data: elastic, inelastic and diffractive cross sections, inclusive production and rapidity correlations, as well as the &lt;i&gt;t&lt;i/&gt;-dependence of deep inelastic diffractive production of vector mesons."
"The physics impact of a staged approach for double- decay experiments based on Ge is studied. The scenario considered relies on realistic time schedules envisioned by the Gerda and the Majorana collaborations, which are jointly working towards the realization of a future larger scale Ge experiment. Intermediate stages of the experiments are conceived to perform quasi background-free measurements, and different data sets can be reliably combined to maximize the physics outcome. The sensitivity for such a global analysis is presented, with focus on how neutrino flavor models can be probed already with preliminary phases of the experiments. The synergy between theory and experiment yields strong benefits for both sides: the model predictions can be used to sensibly plan the experimental stages, and results from intermediate stages can be used to constrain whole groups of theoretical scenarios. This strategy clearly generates added value to the experimental efforts, while at the same time it allows to achieve valuable physics results as early as possible."
"We present here a relationship between massive self-dual models for spin-3 particles in via the master action procedure. Starting with a first-order model (in the derivatives) we have constructed a master action which interpolates between a sequence of four self-dual models where . By analyzing the particle content of the mixing terms, we give additional arguments that explain why it is apparently impossible to jump from the fourth-order model to a higher-order model. We have also analyzed similarities and differences between the fourth-order &lt;i&gt;K&lt;i/&gt;-term in the spin-2 case and the analogous fourth-order term in the spin-3 context."
"Fermionic T-duality transformation is studied for supersymmetric solutions of massive type IIA supergravity with the metric for and 5. We derive the Killing spinors of these backgrounds and use them as input for the fermionic T-duality transformation. The resulting dual solutions form a large family of supersymmetric deformations of the original solutions by complex valued RR fluxes. We observe that the Romans mass parameter does not change under fermionic T-duaity, and prove its invariance in the case."
"We define a new set of observables to probe the structure of the underlying event in hadron collisions. We use the conventional definition of the “transverse region” in jet events and, for a fixed window in jet , propose to measure several discriminating quantities as a function of the level of activity in the transverse region. The measurement of these observables in LHC data would reveal whether, e.g., the properties of “low-UE” events are compatible with equivalent measurements in collisions (jet universality), and whether the scaling behaviour towards “high-UE” events exhibits properties of non-trivial soft-QCD dynamics, such as colour reconnections or other collective phenomena. We illustrate at that significant discriminatory power is obtained in comparisons between MC models with varying treatments of collective effects, including Pythia 8, epos, and Dipsy."
"Low background experiments need a suppression of cosmogenically induced events. The Gerda experiment located at Lngs is searching for the 0&lt;i&gt;νββ&lt;i/&gt; decay of &lt;sup&gt;76&lt;sup/&gt;Ge. It is equipped with an active muon veto the main part of which is a water Cherenkov veto with 66 PMTs in the water tank surrounding the Gerda cryostat. With this system 806 live days have been recorded, 491 days were combined muon–germanium data. A muon detection efficiency of &lt;i&gt;ε&lt;i/&gt;&lt;sub&gt;μd&lt;sub/&gt; = (99.935 ± 0.015)% was found in a Monte Carlo simulation for the muons depositing energy in the germanium detectors. By examining coincident muon–germanium events a rejection efficiency of &lt;i&gt;ε&lt;i/&gt;&lt;sub&gt;μ&lt;i&gt;r&lt;i/&gt;&lt;sub/&gt; = (99.2&lt;sup&gt;+0.3&lt;sup/&gt;&lt;sub&gt;-0.4&lt;sub/&gt;) % was found. Without veto condition the muons by themselves would cause a background index of BI&lt;sub&gt;&lt;i&gt;µ&lt;i/&gt;&lt;sub/&gt; = (3.16 ± 0.85) × 10&lt;sup&gt;-3&lt;sup/&gt; cts/(keV·kg·year) at &lt;i&gt;Q&lt;sub&gt;ββ&lt;sub/&gt;&lt;i/&gt;."
"We study the Higgs derivative interactions on models including arbitrary number of the Higgs doublets. These interactions are generated by two ways. One is higher order corrections of composite Higgs models, and the other is integration of heavy scalars and vectors. In the latter case, three point couplings between the Higgs doublets and these heavy states are the sources of the derivative interactions. Their representations are constrained to couple with the doublets. We explicitly calculate all derivative interactions generated by integrating out. Their degrees of freedom and conditions to impose the custodial symmetry are discussed. We also study the vector boson scattering processes with a couple of two Higgs doublet models to see experimental signals of the derivative interactions. They are differently affected by each heavy field."
"In this paper, we present charged dilatonic black holes in gravity’s rainbow. We study the geometric and thermodynamic properties of black hole solutions. We also investigate the effects of rainbow functions on different thermodynamic quantities for these charged black holes in dilatonic gravity’s rainbow. Then we demonstrate that the first law of thermodynamics is valid for these solutions. After that, we investigate thermal stability of the solutions using the canonical ensemble and analyze the effects of different rainbow functions on the thermal stability. In addition, we present some arguments regarding the bound and phase transition points in context of geometrical thermodynamics. We also study the phase transition in extended phase space in which the cosmological constant is treated as the thermodynamic pressure. Finally, we use another approach to calculate and demonstrate that the obtained critical points in extended phase space represent a second order phase transition for these black holes."
"This paper presents a new method of reconstructing the individual charged and neutral hadrons in tau decays with the ATLAS detector. The reconstructed hadrons are used to classify the decay mode and to calculate the visible four-momentum of reconstructed tau candidates, significantly improving the resolution with respect to the calibration in the existing tau reconstruction. The performance of the reconstruction algorithm is optimised and evaluated using simulation and validated using samples of and +jets events selected from proton–proton collisions at a centre-of-mass energy , corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 5 ."
"A novel polarisation modulation scheme for polarimeters based on Fabry–Perot cavities is presented. The application to the measurement of the magnetic birefringence of vacuum with the HERA superconducting magnets in the ALPS-II configuration is discussed."
"We consider the precession of a Dirac particle spin in some anisotropic Bianchi universes. This effect is present already in the Bianchi-I universe. We discuss in some detail the geodesics and the spin precession for both the Kasner and the Heckmann–Schucking solutions. In the Bianchi-IX universe the spin precession acquires the chaotic character due to the stochasticity of the oscillatory approach to the cosmological singularity. The related helicity flip of fermions in the very early universe may produce the sterile particles contributing to dark matter."
"This article documents the performance of the ATLAS muon identification and reconstruction using the LHC dataset recorded at  TeV in 2015. Using a large sample of and decays from 3.2 fb of &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collision data, measurements of the reconstruction efficiency, as well as of the momentum scale and resolution, are presented and compared to Monte Carlo simulations. The reconstruction efficiency is measured to be close to over most of the covered phase space ( and  GeV). The isolation efficiency varies between 93 and depending on the selection applied and on the momentum of the muon. Both efficiencies are well reproduced in simulation. In the central region of the detector, the momentum resolution is measured to be () for muons from () decays, and the momentum scale is known with an uncertainty of . In the region , the resolution for muons from decays is while the precision of the momentum scale for low- muons from decays is about ."
"Distributions of transverse momentum and the related angular variable of DrellΓÇôYan lepton pairs are measured in 20.3┬áfb of protonΓÇôproton collisions at ┬áTeV with the ATLAS detector at the LHC. Measurements in electron-pair and muon-pair final states are corrected for detector effects and combined. Compared to previous measurements in protonΓÇôproton collisions at ┬áTeV, these new measurements benefit from a larger data sample and improved control of systematic uncertainties. Measurements are performed in bins of lepton-pair mass above, around and below the &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt;-boson mass peak. The data are compared to predictions from perturbative and resummed QCD calculations. For values of the predictions from the Monte Carlo generator ResBos are generally consistent with the data within the theoretical uncertainties. However, at larger values of this is not the case. Monte Carlo generators based on the parton-shower approach are unable to describe the data over the full range of while the fixed-order prediction of Dynnlo falls below the data at high values of . ResBos and the parton-shower Monte Carlo generators provide a much better description of the evolution of the and distributions as a function of lepton-pair mass and rapidity than the basic shape of the data."
"We propose a new parametrization for testing the Kerr nature of astrophysical black hole candidates. The common approaches focus on the attempt to constrain possible deviations from the Kerr solution described by new terms in the metric. Here we adopt a different perspective. The mass and the spin of a black hole make the spacetime curved and we want to check whether they do it with the strength predicted by general relativity. As an example, we apply our parametrization to the black hole shadow, an observation that may be possible in a not too distant future."
"In this paper we point out that Starobinsky inflation could be induced by quantum effects due to a large non-minimal coupling of the Higgs boson to the Ricci scalar. The Higgs Starobinsky mechanism provides a solution to issues attached to large Higgs field values in the early universe which in a metastable universe would not be a viable option. We verify explicitly that these large quantum corrections do not destabilize Starobinsky’s potential."
"The di-jet asymmetry—the measure of the momentum imbalance in a di-jet system—is a key jet quenching observable. Using the event generator Jewel we show that the di-jet asymmetry is dominated by fluctuations both in proton–proton and in heavy-ion collisions. We discuss how in proton–proton collisions the asymmetry is generated through recoil and out-of-cone radiation. In heavy-ion collisions two additional sources can contribute to the asymmetry, namely energy loss fluctuations and differences in path length. The latter is shown to be a sub-leading effect. We discuss the implications of our results for the interpretation of this observable."
"We consider a gravitational model in dimension &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt; with several forms, &lt;i&gt;l&lt;i/&gt; scalar fields and a -term. We study cosmological-type block-diagonal metrics defined on a product of an 1-dimensional interval and &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt; oriented Einstein spaces. As an electromagnetic composite brane ansatz is adopted and certain restrictions on the branes are imposed the conformally covariant Wheeler–DeWitt (WDW) equation for the model is studied. Under certain restrictions, asymptotic solutions to the WDW equation are found in the limit of the formation of the billiard walls. These solutions reduce the problem to the so-called quantum billiard in -dimensional hyperbolic space. Several examples of quantum billiards in the model with electric and magnetic branes, e.g. corresponding to hyperbolic Kac–Moody algebras, are considered. In the case we find a set of basis asymptotic solutions to the WDW equation and derive asymptotic solutions for the metric in the classical case."
"It is still an open question whether the new scalar particle discovered at the LHC with a mass of 125 GeV is the SM Higgs boson or belongs to models of new physics with an extended Higgs sector, as the MSSM or 2HDM. The ratio of branching fractions &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt; = BR()/BR() of Higgs-boson decays is a powerful tool in distinguishing the MSSM Higgs sector from the SM or non-supersymmetric 2HDM. This ratio receives large renormalization-scheme independent radiative corrections in supersymmetric models at large , which are insensitive to the SUSY mass scale and absent in the SM or 2HDM. Making use of the current LHC data and the upcoming new results on Higgs couplings to be reported by ATLAS and CMS collaborations and in a future linear collider, we develop a detailed and updated study of this ratio &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt; which improves previous analyses and sets the level of accuracy needed to discriminate between models."
"We study the consistency of dynamical fermionic matter with the asymptotic safety scenario of quantum gravity using the functional renormalisation group. Since this scenario suggests strongly coupled quantum gravity in the UV, one expects gravity-induced fermion self-interactions at energies of the Planck scale. These could lead to chiral symmetry breaking at very high energies and thus to large fermion masses in the IR. The present analysis which is based on the previous works (Christiansen et al., Phys Rev D 92:121501, 2015; Meibohm et al., Phys Rev D 93:084035, 2016), concludes that gravity-induced chiral symmetry breaking at the Planck scale is avoided for a general class of NJL-type models. We find strong evidence that this feature is independent of the number of fermion fields. This finding suggests that the phase diagram for these models is topologically stable under the influence of gravitational interactions."
"With only the tree-level operator, the decay of is predicted to be one order smaller than the experimental data. The QCD penguin effects should be taken into account. In this paper, we explore the one-loop QCD corrections to the decay of within the framework of QCD factorization approach. For the baryon system, the diquark approximation is adopted. The transition hadronic matrix elements between and &lt;i&gt;p&lt;i/&gt; are calculated in the light-front quark model. The branching ratio of is predicted to be about , which is consistent with experimental data . The CP violation is about 5 % in theory."
"The production rates of prompt and non-prompt and mesons in their dimuon decay modes are measured using 2.1 and 11.4 fb of data collected with the ATLAS experiment at the Large Hadron Collider, in proton–proton collisions at and 8 respectively. Production cross-sections for prompt as well as non-prompt sources, ratios of to production, and the fractions of non-prompt production for and are measured as a function of meson transverse momentum and rapidity. The measurements are compared to theoretical predictions."
"We discuss the combined effect of QED and QCD corrections to the evolution of parton distributions. We extend the available knowledge of the Altarelli–Parisi splitting functions to one order higher in QED, and we provide explicit expressions for the splitting kernels up to . The results presented in this article allow one to perform a parton distribution function analysis reaching full NLO QCD–QED combined precision."
"The current accelerated expansion of the universe has been one of the most important fields in physics and astronomy since 1998. Many cosmological models have been proposed in the literature to explain this mysterious phenomenon. Since the nature and cause of the cosmic acceleration are still unknown, model-independent approaches to study the evolution of the universe are welcome. One of the powerful model-independent approaches is the so-called cosmography. It only relies on the cosmological principle, without postulating any underlying theoretical model. However, there are several shortcomings in the usual cosmography. For instance, it is plagued with the problem of divergence (or an unacceptably large error), and it fails to predict the future evolution of the universe. In the present work, we try to overcome or at least alleviate these problems, and we propose two new generalizations of cosmography inspired by the Padé approximant. One is to directly parameterize the luminosity distance based on the Padé approximant, while the other is to generalize cosmography with respect to a so-called -shift , which is also inspired by the Padé approximant. Then we confront them with the observational data with the help of the Markov chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) code &lt;i&gt;emcee&lt;i/&gt;, and find that they work fairly well."
"We investigate the Michel-type accretion onto a static spherically symmetric black hole. Using a Hamiltonian dynamical approach, we show that the standard method employed for tackling the accretion problem has masked some properties of the fluid flow. We determine new analytical solutions that are neither transonic nor supersonic as the fluid approaches the horizon(s); rather, they remain subsonic for all values of the radial coordinate. Moreover, the three-velocity vanishes and the pressure diverges on the horizon(s), resulting in a flow-out of the fluid under the effect of its own pressure. This is in favor of the earlier prediction that pressure-dominant regions form near the horizon. This result does not depend on the form of the metric and it applies to a neighborhood of any horizon where the time coordinate is timelike. For anti-de Sitter-like black holes we discuss the stability of the critical flow and determine separatrix heteroclinic orbits. For de Sitter-like black holes, we construct polytropic cyclic, non-homoclinic, physical flows connecting the two horizons. These flows become non-relativistic for Hamiltonian values higher than the critical value, allowing for a good estimate of the proper period of the flow."
"In this article, we take the &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(5568) to be the scalar diquark–antidiquark type tetraquark state, study the hadronic coupling constant with the three-point QCD sum rules by carrying out the operator product expansion up to the vacuum condensates of dimension-6 and including both the connected and the disconnected Feynman diagrams; then we calculate the partial decay width of the strong decay and obtain the value , which is consistent with the experimental data from the D0 collaboration."
"In this article, our prime objective is to study the inflationary paradigm in the context of the generalized tachyon (GTachyon) living on the world volume of a non-BPS string theory. The tachyon action is considered here is modified compared to the original action. One can quantify the amount of the modification via a power &lt;i&gt;q&lt;i/&gt; instead of 1 / 2 in the effective action. Using this set-up we study inflation by various types of tachyonic potentials, using which we constrain the index &lt;i&gt;q&lt;i/&gt; within, , and a specific combination () of the Regge slope , the string coupling constant and the mass scale of tachyon , from the recent Planck 2015 and Planck+BICEP2/Keck Array joint data. We explicitly study the inflationary consequences from single field, assisted field and multi-field tachyon set-ups. Specifically for the single field and assisted field cases we derive the results in the quasi-de Sitter background in which we will utilize the details of cosmological perturbations and quantum fluctuations. Also we derive the expressions for all inflationary observables using any arbitrary vacuum and the Bunch–Davies vacuum. For the single field and the assisted field cases we derive the inflationary flow equations, new sets of consistency relations. Also we derive the field excursion formula for the tachyon, which shows that assisted inflation is on the safe side compared to the single field case to validate the effective field theory framework. Further we study the features of the CMB angular power spectrum from TT, TE and EE correlations from scalar fluctuations within the allowed range of &lt;i&gt;q&lt;i/&gt; for each of the potentials from the single field set-up. We also put constraints from the temperature anisotropy and polarization spectra, which shows that our analysis is consistent with the Planck 2015 data. Finally, using the formalism we derive the expressions for inflationary observables in the context of multi-field tachyons."
"In new physics searches involving photons at the LHC, one challenge is to distinguish scenarios with isolated photons from models leading to “photon jets”. For instance, in the context of the 750 GeV diphoton excess, it was pointed out that a true diphoton resonance can be mimicked by a process of the form , where &lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt; is a new scalar with a mass of 750 GeV and &lt;i&gt;a&lt;i/&gt; is a light pseudoscalar decaying to two collinear photons. Photon jets can be distinguished from isolated photons by exploiting the fact that a large fraction of photons convert to an pair inside the inner detector. In this note, we quantify this discrimination power, and we study how the sensitivity of future searches differs for photon jets compared to isolated photons. We also investigate how our results depend on the lifetime of the particle(s) decaying to the photon jet. Finally, we discuss the extension to , where there are no photons at all but the dark photon decays to pairs. Our results will be useful in future studies of the putative 750 GeV signal, but also more generally in any new physics search involving hard photons."
"This paper is devoted to the study of the cylindrically symmetric stellar filaments in self-interacting Brans–Dicke gravity. For this purpose, we construct polytropic filamentary models through a generalized Lane–Emden equation in the Newtonian regime. The resulting models depend upon the values of the cosmological constant (due to the scalar field) along with the polytropic index and represent a generalization of the corresponding models in general relativity. We also investigate the fragmentation of the filaments by exploring the radial oscillations through a stability analysis. This stability criterion depends only upon the adiabatic index."
"In this paper, we investigate one-loop radiative corrections to the Casimir energy in the presence of two perfectly conducting parallel plates for QED theory within the renormalized perturbation theory. In fact, there are three contributions for radiative corrections to the Casimir energy, up to order . Only the two-loop diagram, which is of order , has been computed by Bordag et. al (Ann. Phys. 165:192, 1985), approximately. Here, up to this order, we consider corrections due to two one-loop terms, i.e., photonic and fermionic loop corrections resulting from renormalized QED Lagrangian, more precisely. Our results show that only the fermionic loop has a very minor correction and the correction of photonic loop vanishes."
"Warm inflationary universe models in the context of the generalized Chaplygin gas, the modified Chaplygin gas, and the generalized cosmic Chaplygin gas are being studied. The dissipative coefficient of the form , and the weak and the strong dissipative regimes are being considered. We use the quartic potential, , which is ruled out by current data in cold inflation but in our models by analysis it is seen to be in agreement with the WMAP9 and the latest Planck data. In these scenarios, the power spectrum, the spectral index, and the tensor-to-scalar ratio are being examined in the slow-roll approximation. We show the dependence of the tensor–scalar ratio &lt;i&gt;r&lt;i/&gt; on the spectral index and observe that the range of the tensor–scalar ratio is in the generalized Chaplygin gas, in the modified Chaplygin gas, and in the generalized cosmic Chaplygin gas models. Our results are in agreement with recent observational data like WMAP9 and the latest Planck data."
"We investigate the horizon structure of the rotating Einstein–Born–Infeld solution which goes over to the Einstein–Maxwell’s Kerr–Newman solution as the Born–Infeld parameter goes to infinity (). We find that for a given , mass &lt;i&gt;M&lt;i/&gt;, and charge &lt;i&gt;Q&lt;i/&gt;, there exist a critical spinning parameter and , which corresponds to an extremal Einstein–Born–Infeld black hole with degenerate horizons, and decreases and increases with increase of the Born–Infeld parameter , while describes a non-extremal Einstein–Born–Infeld black hole with outer and inner horizons. Similarly, the effect of on the infinite redshift surface and in turn on the ergo-region is also included. It is well known that a black hole can cast a shadow as an optical appearance due to its strong gravitational field. We also investigate the shadow cast by the both static and rotating Einstein–Born–Infeld black hole and demonstrate that the null geodesic equations can be integrated, which allows us to investigate the shadow cast by a black hole which is found to be a dark zone covered by a circle. Interestingly, the shadow of an Einstein–Born–Infeld black hole is slightly smaller than for the Reissner–Nordstrom black hole, which consists of concentric circles, for different values of the Born–Infeld parameter , whose radius decreases with increase of the value of the parameter . Finally, we have studied observable distortion parameter for shadow of the rotating Einstein–Born–Infeld black hole."
"In this paper, we extend the Fritzsch ansatz of quark mass matrices while retaining their hierarchical structures and show that the main features of the Cabibbo–Kobayashi–Maskawa (CKM) matrix &lt;i&gt;V&lt;i/&gt;, including , and , can be well understood. This agreement is observed especially when the mass matrices have non-vanishing (1, 3) and (3, 1) off-diagonal elements. The phenomenological consequences of these for the allowed texture content and gross structural features of ‘hierarchical’ quark mass matrices are addressed from a model-independent prospective under the assumption of factorizable phases in these. The approximate and analytical expressions of the CKM matrix elements are derived and a detailed analysis reveals that such structures are in good agreement with the observed quark flavor mixing angles and the CP-violating phase at the level and call upon a further investigation of the realization of these structures from a top–down prospective."
"Measurements of charged jet production as a function of centrality are presented for  p–Pb  collisions recorded at TeV with the ALICE detector. Centrality classes are determined via the energy deposit in neutron calorimeters at zero degree, close to the beam direction, to minimise dynamical biases of the selection. The corresponding number of participants or binary nucleon–nucleon collisions is determined based on the particle production in the Pb-going rapidity region. Jets have been reconstructed in the central rapidity region from charged particles with the anti- algorithm for resolution parameters and in the transverse momentum range 20 to 120 GeV/&lt;i&gt;c&lt;i/&gt;. The reconstructed jet momentum and yields have been corrected for detector effects and underlying-event background. In the five centrality bins considered, the charged jet production in  p–Pb   collisions is consistent with the production expected from binary scaling from pp collisions. The ratio of jet yields reconstructed with the two different resolution parameters is also independent of the centrality selection, demonstrating the absence of major modifications of the radial jet structure in the reported centrality classes."
"The maximal supersymmetric inverse seesaw mechanism (M&lt;i&gt;L&lt;i/&gt;SIS) provides a natural way to relate asymmetric dark matter (ADM) with neutrino physics. In this paper we point out that M&lt;i&gt;L&lt;i/&gt;SIS is a natural outcome if one dynamically realizes the inverse seesaw mechanism in the next-to minimal supersymmetric standard model (NMSSM) via the dimension-five operator , with &lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt; the NMSSM singlet developing TeV scale VEV; it slightly violates lepton number due to the suppression by the fundamental scale , thus preserving maximally. The resulting sneutrino is a distinguishable ADM candidate, oscillating and favored to have weak scale mass. A fairly large annihilating cross section of such a heavy ADM is available due to the presence of singlet."
"In this paper, we study the accretion process for fluids flowing near a black hole in the context of &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) teleparallel gravity. Specifically, by performing a dynamical analysis by a Hamiltonian system, we are able to find the sonic points. After that, we consider different isothermal test fluids in order to study the accretion process when they are falling onto the black hole. We find that these flows can be classified according to the equation of state and the black hole features. Results are compared in &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) and &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity."
"We present benchmark scenarios for searches for an additional Higgs state in the real Higgs singlet extension of the Standard Model in Run 2 of the LHC. The scenarios are selected such that they fulfill all relevant current theoretical and experimental constraints, but can potentially be discovered at the current LHC run. We take into account the results presented in earlier work and update the experimental constraints from relevant LHC Higgs searches and signal rate measurements. The benchmark scenarios are given separately for the low-mass and high-mass region, i.e. the mass range where the additional Higgs state is lighter or heavier than the discovered Higgs state at around 125 GeV. They have also been presented in the framework of the LHC Higgs Cross Section Working Group."
"In this manuscript, we have identified the dynamical instability constraints of a self-gravitating cylindrical object within the framework of the &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) theory of gravity. We have explored the modified field equations and the corresponding dynamical equations for the systematic constructions of our analysis. We have imposed the linear perturbations on the metric and material variables with some known static profile up to first order in the perturbation parameter. The role of the expansion scalar is also examined in this scenario. The instability regimes have been discussed against the background of the Newtonian and post-Newtonian limits. We found that the dark source terms due to the influence of the modification in the gravity model is responsible for the instability of the system."
"In this article we obtain a new anisotropic solution for Einstein’s field equations of embedding class one metric. The solution represents realistic objects such as &lt;i&gt;Her X-1&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;RXJ 1856-37&lt;i/&gt;. We perform a detailed investigation of both objects by solving numerically the Einstein field equations with anisotropic pressure. The physical features of the parameters depend on the anisotropic factor i.e. if the anisotropy is zero everywhere inside the star then the density and pressures will become zero and the metric turns out to be flat. We report our results and compare with the above mentioned two compact objects as regards a number of key aspects: the central density, the surface density onset and the critical scaling behaviour, the effective mass and radius ratio, the anisotropization with isotropic initial conditions, adiabatic index and red shift. Along with this we have also made a comparison between the classical limit and theoretical model treatment of the compact objects. Finally we discuss the implications of our findings for the stability condition in a relativistic compact star."
"The double-differential inclusive jet cross section is measured as a function of jet transverse momentum and absolute rapidity , using proton-proton collision data collected with the CMS experiment at the LHC, at a center-of-mass energy of and corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 5.43. Jets are reconstructed within the range of 74 to 592and the rapidity range . The reconstructed jet spectrum is corrected for detector resolution. The measurements are compared to the theoretical prediction at next-to-leading-order QCD using different sets of parton distribution functions. This inclusive cross section measurement explores a new kinematic region and is consistent with QCD predictions."
"In this work, we investigate the thermodynamics of black &lt;i&gt;p&lt;i/&gt;-branes (BB) in the context of Gravity’s Rainbow. We investigate this using rainbow functions that have been motivated from loop quantum gravity and -Minkowski non-commutative spacetime. Then for the sake of comparison, we examine a couple of other rainbow functions that have also appeared in the literature. We show that, for consistency, Gravity’s Rainbow imposes a constraint on the minimum mass of the BB, a constraint that we interpret here as implying the existence of a black &lt;i&gt;p&lt;i/&gt;-brane remnant. This interpretation is supported by the computation of the black &lt;i&gt;p&lt;i/&gt;-brane’s heat capacity that shows that the latter vanishes when the Schwarzschild radius takes on a value that is bigger than its extremal limit. We found that the same conclusion is reached for the third version of rainbow functions treated here but not with the second one for which only standard black &lt;i&gt;p&lt;i/&gt;-brane thermodynamics is recovered."
"Motivated by a thermodynamic analogy of black holes and Van der Waals liquid/gas systems, in this paper, we study &lt;i&gt;P&lt;i/&gt;–&lt;i&gt;V&lt;i/&gt; criticality of both dilatonic Born–Infeld black holes and their conformal solutions, Brans–Dicke–Born–Infeld solutions. Due to the conformal constraint, we have to neglect the old Lagrangian of dilatonic Born–Infeld theory and its black hole solutions, and introduce a new one. We obtain spherically symmetric nonlinearly charged black hole solutions in both Einstein and Jordan frames and then we calculate the related conserved and thermodynamic quantities. After that, we extend the phase space by considering the proportionality of the cosmological constant and thermodynamical pressure. We obtain critical values of the thermodynamic coordinates through numerical methods and plot the relevant &lt;i&gt;P&lt;i/&gt;–&lt;i&gt;V&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;G&lt;i/&gt;–&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt; diagrams. Investigation of the mentioned diagrams helps us to study the thermodynamical phase transition. We also analyze the effects of varying different parameters on the phase transition of black holes."
"A diphoton excess with an invariant mass of about 750 GeV has been recently reported by both ATLAS and CMS experiments at LHC. While the simplest interpretation requires the resonant production of a 750 GeV (pseudo)scalar, here we consider an alternative setup, with an additional heavy parent particle which decays into a pair of 750 GeV resonances. This configuration improves the agreement between the 8 and 13 TeV data. Moreover, we include a dark matter candidate in the form of a Majorana fermion which interacts through the 750 GeV portal. The invisible decays of the light resonance help to suppress additional decay channels into Standard Model particles in association with the diphoton signal. We realise our hierarchical framework in the context of an effective theory, and we analyse the diphoton signal as well as the consistency with other LHC searches. We finally address the interplay of the LHC results with the dark matter phenomenology, namely the compatibility with the relic density abundance and the indirect detection bounds."
"In connection with the discussion and the measurements fulfilled in Ref. (Eur Phys J C 75:137, 2015), the full identity is demonstrated between the Feynman formula for the field of a moving charge and the Liénard-Wiechert potentials."
"The Gupta–Bleuler triplet for a vector-spinor gauge field is presented in the de Sitter ambient space formalism. The invariant space of field equation solutions is obtained with respect to an indecomposable representation of the de Sitter group. By using the general solution of the massless spin- field equation, the vector-spinor quantum field operator and its corresponding Fock space is constructed. The quantum field operator can be written in terms of the vector-spinor polarization states and a quantum conformally coupled massless scalar field, which is constructed on Bunch–Davies vacuum state. The two-point function is also presented, which is de Sitter covariant and analytic."
"A search for strongly produced supersymmetric particles is conducted using signatures involving multiple energetic jets and either two isolated leptons (&lt;i&gt;e&lt;i/&gt; or ) with the same electric charge or at least three isolated leptons. The search also utilises &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-tagged jets, missing transverse momentum and other observables to extend its sensitivity. The analysis uses a data sample of proton–proton collisions at  TeV recorded with the ATLAS detector at the Large Hadron Collider in 2015 corresponding to a total integrated luminosity of 3.2 fb. No significant excess over the Standard Model expectation is observed. The results are interpreted in several simplified supersymmetric models and extend the exclusion limits from previous searches. In the context of exclusive production and simplified decay modes, gluino masses are excluded at confidence level up to 1.1–1.3 TeV for light neutralinos (depending on the decay channel), and bottom squark masses are also excluded up to 540 GeV. In the former scenarios, neutralino masses are also excluded up to 550–850 GeV for gluino masses around 1 TeV."
"The 2 Higgs Doublet Model of type III has renormalisable Lepton Flavour-Violating couplings, and its one- and two-loop (“Barr–Zee”) contributions to are known. In the decoupling limit, where the mass scale &lt;i&gt;M&lt;i/&gt; of the second doublet is much greater than the electroweak scale, the model can be parametrised with an Effective Field Theory (EFT) containing dimension-six operators. The terms of the exact calculation are reproduced in the EFT, provided that the four-fermion operator basis below the weak scale is enlarged with respect to the SU(2)-invariant Buchmuller–Wyler list. It is found that the dominant two-loop “Barr–Zee” contributions arise mostly in two-loop matching and running, and that dimension-eight operators might be numerically relevant."
"In this paper, we analyze the theoretically possible scenario beyond the standard model in order to show how the presence of the exotic scalar, tensor, weak interactions in addition to the standard vector-axial () ones may help to distinguish the Dirac from Majorana neutrinos in the elastic scattering of an (anti)neutrino beam off the unpolarized electrons in the relativistic limit. We assume that the incoming (anti)neutrino beam comes from the polarized muon decay at rest and is the left–right chiral superposition with assigned direction of the transversal spin polarization with respect to the production plane. Our analysis is carried out for the flavour (current) neutrino eigenstates. It means that the transverse neutrino polarization estimates are the same both for the Dirac and Majorana cases. We display that the azimuthal asymmetry in the angular distribution of recoil electrons is generated by the interference terms between the standard and exotic couplings, which are proportional to the transversal (anti)neutrino spin polarization and independent of the neutrino mass. This asymmetry for the Majorana neutrinos is larger than for the Dirac ones. We also indicate the possibility of utilizing the azimuthal asymmetry measurements to search for the new CP-violating phases. Our study is based on the assumption that the possible detector (running for 1 year) has the shape of a flat circular ring, while the intense neutrino source is located in the centre of the ring and polarized perpendicularly to the ring. In addition, the large low-threshold, real-time detector is able to measure with a high resolution both the polar angle and the azimuthal angle of outgoing electron momentum. Our analysis is model-independent and consistent with the current upper limits on the non-standard couplings."
"We perform the calculation of the drag force acting on a massive quark moving through an anisotropic SU(N) Super Yang–Mills plasma in the presence of a &lt;i&gt;U&lt;i/&gt;(1) chemical potential. We present the numerical results for any value of the anisotropy and arbitrary direction of the quark velocity with respect to the direction of the anisotropy. We find the effect of the chemical potential or charge density will enhance the drag force for our charged solution."
"We consider photon-initiated events with large rapidity gaps in proton–proton collisions, where one or both protons may break up. We formulate a modified photon PDF that accounts for the specific experimental rapidity gap veto, and demonstrate how the soft survival probability for these gaps may be implemented consistently. Finally, we present some phenomenological results for the two-photon induced production of lepton and &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; boson pairs."
"We discuss the cosmological reconstruction of (where &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, , and represent the Ricci scalar, the Ricci invariant, and the scalar field) corresponding to a power law and de Sitter evolution in the framework of the FRW universe model. We derive the energy conditions for this modified theory which seem to be more general and can be reduced to some well-known forms of these conditions in general relativity, [see pdf] and theories. We have presented the general constraints in terms of recent values of the snap, jerk, deceleration, and Hubble parameters. The energy bounds are analyzed for reconstructed as well as known models in this theory. Finally, the free parameters are analyzed comprehensively."
"We extend the investigation of the generalized parton distribution for a charged pion within a fully covariant constituent quark model, in two respects: (1) calculating the tensor distribution and (2) adding the treatment of the evolution, needed for achieving a meaningful comparison with both the experimental parton distribution and the lattice evaluation of the so-called generalized form factors. Distinct features of our phenomenological covariant quark model are: (1) a 4D Ansatz for the pion Bethe–Salpeter amplitude, to be used in the Mandelstam formula for matrix elements of the relevant current operators, and (2) only two parameters, namely a quark mass assumed to be MeV and a free parameter fixed through the value of the pion decay constant. The possibility of increasing the dynamical content of our covariant constituent quark model is briefly discussed in the context of the Nakanishi integral representation of the Bethe–Salpeter amplitude."
"The total inclusive cross section for charged and neutral Higgs production in heavy-quark annihilation is presented through NNLO QCD. It is shown that, aside from an overall factor, the partonic cross section is independent of the initial-state quark flavors, and that any interference terms involving two different Yukawa couplings vanish. A simple criterion for defining the central renormalization and factorization scale is proposed. Its application to the process yields results which are compatible with the values usually adopted for this process. Remarkably, we find little variation in these values for the other initial-state quark flavors. Finally, we disentangle the impact of the different parton luminosities from genuine hard NNLO effects and find that, for the central scales, a naive rescaling by the parton luminosities approximates the full result remarkably well."
"Motivated by the recent diphoton excess reported by both the ATLAS and CMS collaborations, we provide a model-independent combination of diphoton results obtained at and 13 TeV at the LHC. We consider resonant &lt;i&gt;s&lt;i/&gt;-channel production of a spin-0 and spin-2 particle with a mass of 750 GeV that subsequently decays to two photons. The size of the excess reported by ATLAS appears to be in a slight tension with other measurements under the spin-2 particle hypothesis."
"In this paper, we determine regular black hole solutions using a very general &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) theory, coupled to a non-linear electromagnetic field given by a Lagrangian . The functions &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) and are in principle left unspecified. Instead, the model is constructed through a choice of the mass function &lt;i&gt;M&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;r&lt;i/&gt;) presented in the metric coefficients. Solutions which have a regular behaviour of the geometric invariants are found. These solutions have two horizons, the event horizon and the Cauchy horizon. All energy conditions are satisfied in the whole space-time, except the strong energy condition (SEC), which is violated near the Cauchy horizon. We present also a new theorem related to the energy conditions in &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity, re-obtaining the well-known conditions in the context of general relativity when the geometry of the solution is the same."
"We propose an NMSSM scenario that can explain the excess in the diphoton spectrum at 750 GeV recently observed by ATLAS and CMS. We show that in a certain limit with a very light pseudoscalar one can reproduce the experimental results without invoking exotic matter. The 750 GeV excess is produced by two resonant heavy Higgs bosons with masses  GeV, which subsequently decay to two light pseudoscalars. Each of these decays to collimated photon pairs that appear as a single photon in the electromagnetic calorimeter. A mass gap between heavy Higgses mimics a large width of the 750 GeV peak. The production mechanism, containing a strong component via initial &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt; quarks, ameliorates a possible tension with 8 TeV data compared to other production modes. We also discuss other constraints, in particular from low-energy experiments. Finally, we discuss possible methods that could distinguish our proposal from other physics models describing the diphoton excess in the Run-II of the LHC."
"By virtue of the maximum entropy principle, we get an Euler–Lagrange equation which is a highly nonlinear differential equation containing the mass function and its derivatives. Solving the equation by a homotopy perturbation method we derive a generalized expression for the mass which is a polynomial function of the radial distance. Using the mass function we find a partially stable configuration and its characteristics. We show that different physical features of the known compact stars, viz. , , &lt;i&gt;SAX&lt;i/&gt; &lt;i&gt;J&lt;i/&gt; (&lt;i&gt;SS&lt;i/&gt;1), &lt;i&gt;SAX&lt;i/&gt; &lt;i&gt;J&lt;i/&gt; (&lt;i&gt;SS&lt;i/&gt;2), and , can be explained by the present model."
"In this work, we present new soliton solutions for thick branes in dimensions. In particular, we consider brane models based on the sine-Gordon (SG), and scalar fields, which have broken symmetry in some cases and are responsible for supporting and stabilizing the thick branes. The origin of the symmetry breaking in these models resides in the fact that the modified scalar field potential may have non-degenerate vacua. These vacua determine the cosmological constant on both sides of the brane. We also study the geodesic equations along the fifth dimension, in order to explore the particle motion in the neighborhood of the brane. Furthermore, we examine the stability of the thick branes, by determining the sign of the term in the expansion of the potential for the resulting Schrödinger-like equation, where &lt;i&gt;w&lt;i/&gt; is the five-dimensional coordinate. It turns out that the brane is stable, while there are unstable modes for certain ranges of the model parameters in the SG and branes."
"We present models of wormhole under the Finslerian structure of spacetime. This is a sequel of our previous work (Eur Phys J 75:564, 2015) where we constructed a toy model for compact stars based on the Finslerian spacetime geometry. In the present investigation, a wide variety of solutions are obtained, which explore the wormhole geometry by considering different choices for the form function and energy density. The solutions, like in the previous work, are revealed to be physically interesting and viable models for the explanation of wormholes as far as the background theory and literature are concerned."
"The production of K(892) and (1020) mesons has been measured in p–Pb collisions at 5.02 TeV. K and are reconstructed via their decay into charged hadrons with the ALICE detector in the rapidity range . The transverse momentum spectra, measured as a function of the multiplicity, have a p range from 0 to 15 GeV/&lt;i&gt;c&lt;i/&gt; for K and from 0.3 to 21 GeV/&lt;i&gt;c&lt;i/&gt; for . Integrated yields, mean transverse momenta and particle ratios are reported and compared with results in pp collisions at 7 TeV and Pb–Pb collisions at 2.76 TeV. In Pb–Pb and p–Pb collisions, K and probe the hadronic phase of the system and contribute to the study of particle formation mechanisms by comparison with other identified hadrons. For this purpose, the mean transverse momenta and the differential proton-to- ratio are discussed as a function of the multiplicity of the event. The short-lived K is measured to investigate re-scattering effects, believed to be related to the size of the system and to the lifetime of the hadronic phase."
"We discuss the limitations of the covariant derivative expansion prescription advocated to compute the one-loop Standard Model (SM) effective lagrangian when the heavy fields couple linearly to the SM. In particular, one-loop contributions resulting from the exchange of both heavy and light fields must be explicitly taken into account through matching because the proposed functional approach alone does not account for them. We review a simple case with a heavy scalar singlet of charge to illustrate the argument. As two other examples where this matching is needed and this functional method gives a vanishing result, up to renormalization of the heavy sector parameters, we re-evaluate the one-loop corrections to the T-parameter due to a heavy scalar triplet with vanishing hypercharge coupling to the Brout–Englert–Higgs boson and to a heavy vector-like quark singlet of charged 2 / 3 mixing with the top quark, respectively. In all cases we make use of a new code for matching fundamental and effective theories in models with arbitrary heavy field additions."
"The Gribov ambiguity exists in various gauges. Algebraic gauges are likely to be ambiguity free. However, algebraic gauges are not Lorentz invariant, which is their fundamental flaw. In addition, they are not generally compatible with the boundary conditions on the gauge fields, which are needed to compactify the space i.e., the ambiguity continues to exist on a compact manifold. Here we discuss a quadratic gauge fixing, which is Lorentz invariant. We consider an example of a spherically symmetric gauge field configuration in which we prove that this Lorentz invariant gauge removes the ambiguity on a compact manifold , when a proper boundary condition on the gauge configuration is taken into account. Thus, we provide one example where the ambiguity is absent on a compact manifold in the algebraic gauge. We also show that the &lt;i&gt;BRST&lt;i/&gt; invariance is preserved in this gauge."
"We present the first multiscalar singlet extension of the original 3-3-1 model with right-handed neutrinos, based on the family symmetry, supplemented by the flavor group, consistent with current low energy fermion flavor data. In the model under consideration, the light active neutrino masses are generated from a double seesaw mechanism and the observed pattern of charged fermion masses and quark mixing angles is caused by the breaking of the discrete group at very high energy. Our model has only 14 effective free parameters, which are fitted to reproduce the experimental values of the 18 physical observables in the quark and lepton sectors. The obtained physical observables for the quark sector agree with their experimental values, whereas those for the lepton sector also do, only for the inverted neutrino mass hierarchy. The normal neutrino mass hierarchy scenario of the model is disfavored by the neutrino oscillation experimental data. We find an effective Majorana neutrino mass parameter of neutrinoless double beta decay of 22 meV, a leptonic Dirac CP violating phase of , and a Jarlskog invariant of about for the inverted neutrino mass spectrum."
"In this work we deal with nontopological solutions of the Q-ball type in two spacetime dimensions. We study models of current interest, described by a Higgs-like and other, similar potentials which unveil the presence of exact solutions. We use the analytic results to investigate how to control the energy and charge to make the Q-balls stable."
"The BB-mode correlation angular power spectrum of CMB is obtained by considering the primordial gravitational waves in the squeezed vacuum state for various inflationary models and results are compared with the joint analysis of the BICEP2/Keck Array and Planck 353 GHz data. The present results may constrain several models of inflation."
"We try to interpret the 750 GeV diphoton excess in the minimal dilaton model, which extends the SM by adding one linearized dilaton field and vector-like fermions. We first show by analytic formulas in this framework that the production rates of the , &lt;i&gt;gg&lt;i/&gt;, , &lt;i&gt;ZZ&lt;i/&gt;, , , and &lt;i&gt;hh&lt;i/&gt; signals at the resonance are only sensitive to the dilaton–Higgs mixing angle and the parameter , where &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt; is the dilaton decay constant and denotes the number of the fermions. Then we scan the two parameters by considering various theoretical and experimental constraints to find the solutions to the diphoton excess. We conclude that the model can predict the central value of the diphoton rate without conflicting with any constraints. The signatures of our explanation at the LHC Run II and the vacuum stability at high energy scale are also discussed."
"The distribution of particles inside hadronic jets produced in the decay of boosted &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; bosons can be used to discriminate such jets from the continuum background. Given that a jet has been identified as likely resulting from the hadronic decay of a boosted &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; or &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; boson, this paper presents a technique for further differentiating &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; bosons from &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; bosons. The variables used are jet mass, jet charge, and a &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-tagging discriminant. A likelihood tagger is constructed from these variables and tested in the simulation of for bosons in the transverse momentum range 200 GeV  400 GeV in TeV &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collisions with the ATLAS detector at the LHC. For &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt;-boson tagging efficiencies of , 50, and , one can achieve -boson tagging rejection factors () of 1.7, 8.3 and 1000, respectively. It is not possible to measure these efficiencies in the data due to the lack of a pure sample of high , hadronically decaying &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; bosons. However, the modelling of the tagger inputs for boosted &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; bosons is studied in data using a -enriched sample of events in 20.3 fb of data at TeV. The inputs are well modelled within uncertainties, which builds confidence in the expected tagger performance."
"A search for a massive resonance decaying into a W and a Higgs boson in the (, ) final state is presented. Results are based on data corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 19.7 of proton–proton collisions at , collected using the CMS detector at the LHC. For a high-mass (1) resonance, the two bottom quarks coming from the Higgs boson decay are reconstructed as a single jet, which can be tagged by placing requirements on its substructure and flavour. Exclusion limits at 95 % confidence level are set on the production cross section of a narrow resonance decaying into WH, as a function of its mass. In the context of a little Higgs model, a lower limit on the mass of 1.4 is set. In a heavy vector triplet model that mimics the properties of composite Higgs models, a lower limit on the mass of 1.5 is set. In the context of this model, the results are combined with related searches to obtain a lower limit on the mass of 1.8, the most restrictive to date for decays to a pair of standard model bosons."
"We propose a realization of mass varying neutrino dark energy in two extensions of the Standard Model (SM) with a dynamical neutrino mass related to the acceleron field while satisfying the naturalness. In the first scenario the SM is extended to include a TeV scale scalar Higgs triplet () and a TeV scale second Higgs doublet (), while in the second scenario an extension of the SM with fermion triplet is considered. We also point out the possible leptogenesis mechanisms for simultaneously generating the observed baryon asymmetry of the universe in both scenarios and discuss the collider signatures for the TeV scale new fields which make these models testable in the current run of LHC."
"We investigate a new structure for machine learning classifiers built with neural networks and applied to problems in high-energy physics by expanding the inputs to include not only measured features but also physics parameters. The physics parameters represent a smoothly varying learning task, and the resulting parameterized classifier can smoothly interpolate between them and replace sets of classifiers trained at individual values. This simplifies the training process and gives improved performance at intermediate values, even for complex problems requiring deep learning. Applications include tools parameterized in terms of theoretical model parameters, such as the mass of a particle, which allow for a single network to provide improved discrimination across a range of masses. This concept is simple to implement and allows for optimized interpolatable results."
"Using the WKB approximation we analyse the tunnelling of a pulsating string in deformed Minkowski spacetime."
"In a recent paper we showed that the electroweak chiral Lagrangian at leading order is equivalent to the conventional formalism used by ATLAS and CMS to test Higgs anomalous couplings. Here we apply this fact to fit the latest Higgs data. The new aspect of our analysis is a systematic interpretation of the fit parameters within an EFT. Concentrating on the processes of Higgs production and decay that have been measured so far, six parameters turn out to be relevant: , , , , , . A global Bayesian fit is then performed with the result , , , , , . Additionally, we show how this leading-order parametrization can be generalized to next-to-leading order, thus improving the formalism systematically. The differences with a linear EFT analysis including operators of dimension six are also discussed. One of the main conclusions of our analysis is that since the conventional formalism can be properly justified within a QFT framework, it should continue to play a central role in analyzing and interpreting Higgs data."
"This article presents the sensitivity of the ATLAS experiment to the lepton-flavour-violating decays of . A method utilising the production of leptons via decays is used. This method is applied to the sample of 20.3 fb of &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collision data at a centre-of-mass energy of 8 TeV collected by the ATLAS experiment at the LHC in 2012. No event is observed passing the selection criteria, and the observed (expected) upper limit on the lepton branching fraction into three muons, , is () at 90 % confidence level."
"Recently, it has been proposed by Padmanabhan that the difference between the number of degrees of freedom on the boundary surface and the number of degrees of freedom in a bulk region leads to the expansion of the universe. Now, a natural question arises; how could this model explain the oscillation of the universe between contraction and expansion branches? We try to address this issue in the framework of a BIonic system. In this model, &lt;i&gt;M&lt;i/&gt;0-branes join to each other and give rise to a pair of &lt;i&gt;M&lt;i/&gt;1–anti-&lt;i&gt;M&lt;i/&gt;1-branes. The fields which live on these branes play the roles of massive gravitons that cause the emergence of a wormhole between them and formation of a BIon system. This wormhole dissolves into M1-branes and causes a divergence between the number of degrees of freedom on the boundary surface of &lt;i&gt;M&lt;i/&gt;1 and the bulk leading to an expansion of &lt;i&gt;M&lt;i/&gt;1-branes. When &lt;i&gt;M&lt;i/&gt;1-branes become close to each other, the square energy of their system becomes negative and some tachyonic states emerge. To remove these states, &lt;i&gt;M&lt;i/&gt;1-branes become compact, the sign of compacted gravity changes, causing anti-gravity to arise: in this case, branes get away from each other. By articulating &lt;i&gt;M&lt;i/&gt;1-BIons, an M3-brane and an anti-&lt;i&gt;M&lt;i/&gt;3-brane are created and connected by three wormholes forming an &lt;i&gt;M&lt;i/&gt;3-BIon. This new system behaves like the initial system and by closing branes to each other, they become compact and, by getting away from each other, they open. Our universe is located on one of these M3-branes and, by compactifying the &lt;i&gt;M&lt;i/&gt;3-brane, it contracts and, by opening it, it expands."
"We analyze a modification of the BFKL kernel for the adjoint representation of the color group in the maximally supersymmetric () Yang–Mills theory in the limit of a large number of colors, related to the modification of the eigenvalues of the kernel suggested by Bondarenko and Prygarin in order to obtain Hermitian separability of the eigenvalues. We restore the modified kernel in the momentum space. It turns out that the modification is related only to the real part of the kernel and that the correction to the kernel cannot be presented by a single analytic function in the entire momentum region, which contradicts the known properties of the kernel."
"Alpha Magnetic Spectrometer (AMS-02) recently published its lepton spectra measurement. The results show that the positron fraction no longer increases above 200 GeV. The aim of this work is to investigate the possibility that the excess of positron fraction is due to pulsars. Nearby known pulsars from the ATNF catalog are considered to be a possible primary positron source of the high energy positrons. We find that the pulsars with age  year and distance kpc can explain the behavior of positron fraction of AMS-02 in the range of high energy. We show that each of the four pulsars—Geminga, J1741-2054, Monogem, and J0942-5552—is able to be a single source satisfying all considered physical requirements. We also discuss the possibility that these high energy are from multiple pulsars. The multiple pulsar contribution predicts a positron fraction with some structures at higher energies."
"We present the first results on the production of pseudo-scalar Higgs boson through gluon fusion at the LHC to NLO in QCD taking into account only soft-gluon effects. We have used the effective Lagrangian that describes the coupling of the pseudo-scalar Higgs boson with the gluons in the large top quark mass limit. We have used quantities that have recently become available, namely the three-loop pseudo-scalar Higgs boson form factor and the third order universal soft function in QCD to achieve this. Along with the fixed order results, we also present the process dependent resummation coefficient for a threshold resummation to NLL in QCD. Phenomenological impact of these threshold NLO corrections to pseudo-scalar Higgs boson production at the LHC is presented and their role in the reduction of the renormalization scale dependence is demonstrated."
"Feasibility studies of an observation of the exclusive diffractive bremsstrahlung in proton–proton scattering at the centre of mass energy 13  TeV at the LHC are reported. These studies aim at the dedicated data taking periods with low instantaneous luminosity delivered by the LHC where the pile-up interactions can be neglected. A simplified approach to the photon and the scattered proton energy reconstruction is used. The background influence is discussed."
"The Higgs-portal lepton flavor violation is studied in a vector-like lepton model. To avoid the constraints from rare decays, we introduce two triplet vector-like leptons, and . The resultant branching ratio for can be up to when the constraints from the invisible &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; decays are applied. As a result, the signal strength for the channel has a deviation from the standard model prediction, while the muon is two orders of magnitude smaller than the data, and is of the order of . A predicted doubly charged lepton in &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collisions at TeV is analyzed, and it is found that the interesting production channels are . Both single and pair production cross sections of are comparable, and can be a few hundred fb. The main decay channels for the doubly charged lepton are , and for the heavy singly charged lepton they are . The numerical analysis is carried out with regard to 13 TeV LHC with 100 fb luminosity."
"In this work the collective modes of an effective kinetic theory description based on the Boltzmann equation in a relaxation-time approximation applicable to gauge theories at weak but finite coupling and low frequencies are studied. Real time retarded two-point correlators of the energy-momentum tensor and the R-charge current are calculated at finite temperature in flat space-times for large N gauge theories. It is found that the real-time correlators possess logarithmic branch cuts which in the limit of large coupling disappear and give rise to non-hydrodynamic poles that are reminiscent of quasi-normal modes in black holes. In addition to branch cuts, correlators can have simple hydrodynamic poles, generalizing the concept of hydrodynamic modes to intermediate wavelength. Surprisingly, the hydrodynamic poles cease to exist for some critical value of the wavelength and coupling reminiscent of the properties of onset transitions."
"Stimulated by the recent observation of the exotic &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(5568) state by the D0 Collaboration, we study the four-quark system with quantum numbers in the framework of the chiral quark model. Two structures, diquark–antidiquark and meson–meson, with all possible color configurations are investigated by using the Gaussian expansion method. The results show that the energies of the tetraquark states with diquark–antiquark structure are too high to be candidates of &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(5568), and no molecular structure can be formed in our calculations. The calculation is also extended to the four-quark system and the same results as that of are obtained."
"We evaluate the fermion condensate and the expectation values of the charge and current densities for a massive fermionic field in ()-dimensional conical spacetime with a magnetic flux located at the cone apex. The consideration is done for both irreducible representations of the Clifford algebra. The expectation values are decomposed into the vacuum expectation values and contributions coming from particles and antiparticles. All these contributions are periodic functions of the magnetic flux with the period equal to the flux quantum. Related to the non-invariance of the model under the parity and time-reversal transformations, the fermion condensate and the charge density have indefinite parity with respect to the change of the signs of the magnetic flux and chemical potential. The expectation value of the radial current density vanishes. The azimuthal current density is the same for both the irreducible representations of the Clifford algebra. It is an odd function of the magnetic flux and an even function of the chemical potential. The behavior of the expectation values in various asymptotic regions of the parameters are discussed in detail. In particular, we show that for points near the cone apex the vacuum parts dominate. For a massless field with zero chemical potential the fermion condensate and charge density vanish. Simple expressions are derived for the part in the total charge induced by the planar angle deficit and magnetic flux. Combining the results for separate irreducible representations, we also consider the fermion condensate, charge and current densities in parity and time-reversal symmetric models. Possible applications to graphitic nanocones are discussed."
"Large arrays of aligned carbon nanotubes (CNTs), open at one end, could be used as target material for the directional detection of weakly interacting dark matter particles (WIMPs). As a result of a WIMP elastic scattering on a CNT, a carbon ion might be injected in the body of the array and propagate through multiple collisions within the lattice. The ion may eventually emerge from the surface with open end CNTs, provided that its longitudinal momentum is large enough to compensate energy losses and its transverse momentum approaches the channeling conditions in a single CNT. Therefore, the angle formed between the WIMP wind apparent orientation and the direction of parallel carbon nanotube axes must be properly chosen. We focus on very low ion recoil kinetic energies, related to low mass WIMPs ( GeV) where most of the existing experiments have low sensitivity. Relying on some exact results on two-dimensional lattices of circular obstacles, we study the low energy ion motion in the transverse plane with respect to CNT directions. New constraints are obtained on how to devise the CNT arrays to maximize the target channeling efficiency."
"Recently, ATLAS and CMS collaborations reported an excess in the measurement of diphoton events, which can be explained by a new resonance with a mass around 750 GeV. In this work, we explored the possibility of identifying if the hypothetical new resonance is produced through gluon–gluon fusion or quark–antiquark annihilation, or tagging the beam. Three different observables for beam tagging, namely the rapidity and transverse-momentum distribution of the diphoton, and one tagged bottom-jet cross section, are proposed. Combining the information gained from these observables, a clear distinction of the production mechanism for the diphoton resonance is promising."
"In this paper we study anisotropic spherical polytropes within the framework of general relativity. Using the anisotropic Tolman–Oppenheimer–Volkov equations, we explore the relativistic anisotropic Lane–Emden equations. We find how the anisotropic pressure affects the boundary conditions of these equations. Also we argue that the behavior of physical quantities near the center of star changes in the presence of anisotropy. For constant density, a class of exact solution is derived with the aid of a new ansatz and its physical properties are discussed."
"We propose the existence of a hidden or dark sector besides the standard model (SM) of particle physics, whose members (both fermionic and bosonic) obey a local SU(2) gauge symmetry, while behaving like a singlet under the SM gauge group. However, the fermiomic fields of the dark sector also possess another global U(1) symmetry, which remains unbroken. The local SU(2) invariance of the dark sector is broken spontaneously when a scalar field in this sector acquires a vacuum expectation value (VEV), thereby generating masses to the dark gauge bosons and dark fermions charged under the SU(2). The lightest fermion in this dark SU(2) sector can be a potential dark matter candidate. We first examine the viability of the model and constrain the model parameter space by theoretical constraints such as vacuum stability and by the experimental constraints such as Planck limit on relic density, LHC data, limits on spin-independent scattering cross section from dark matter direct search experiments etc. We then investigate the gamma rays from the pair annihilation of the proposed dark matter candidate at the Galactic Centre region. We also extend our calculations of gamma rays flux for the case of dwarf galaxies and compare the signatures of gamma rays obtained from these astrophysical sites."
"I perform a combined analysis of the ATLAS and CMS diphoton data, using both Run-I and Run-II results, including those released at the 2016 Moriond conference. I find combining the ATLAS and CMS results from Run-II increases the statistical significance of the reported 750 GeV anomaly, assuming a spin-0 mediator coupling to gluons or heavy quarks with a width much smaller than the detector resolution. This significance does not decrease when the 8 TeV data is included. A spin-2 mediator is disfavored compared to the spin-0 case. The cross section required to fit the ATLAS anomaly is in tension with the aggregate data, all of which prefers a smaller value. The best fit for all models I consider is a 4.0 local significance for a 750 GeV spin-0 mediator coupling to gluons with a cross section of 4 fb at 13 TeV (assuming narrow width) or 10 fb (assuming  GeV)."
"We consider the minimal version of an extension of the standard electroweak model based on the gauge symmetry (the 3-3-1 model). We analyze the most general potential constructed from three scalars in the triplet representation of , whose neutral components develop nonzero vacuum expectation values, giving mass for all the model’s massive particles. For different choices of parameters, we obtain the particle spectrum for the two symmetry breaking scales: one where the group is broken down to and a lower scale similar to the standard model one. Within the considerations used, we show that the model encodes two first-order phase transitions, respecting the pattern of symmetry restoration. The last transition, corresponding to the standard electroweak one, is found to be very weak first-order, most likely turning second-order or a crossover in practice. However, the first transition in this model can be strongly first-order, which might happen at a temperature not too high above the second one. We determine the respective critical temperatures for symmetry restoration for the model."
"We introduce a nonlinear extension of Proca’s field theory for massive vector (spin 1) bosons. The associated relativistic nonlinear wave equation is related to recently advanced nonlinear extensions of the Schrödinger, Dirac, and Klein–Gordon equations inspired on the non-extensive generalized thermostatistics. This is a theoretical framework that has been applied in recent years to several problems in nuclear and particle physics, gravitational physics, and quantum field theory. The nonlinear Proca equation investigated here has a power-law nonlinearity characterized by a real parameter &lt;i&gt;q&lt;i/&gt; (formally corresponding to the Tsallis entropic parameter) in such a way that the standard linear Proca wave equation is recovered in the limit . We derive the nonlinear Proca equation from a Lagrangian, which, besides the usual vectorial field , involves an additional field . We obtain exact time-dependent soliton-like solutions for these fields having the form of a &lt;i&gt;q&lt;i/&gt;-plane wave, and we show that both field equations lead to the relativistic energy-momentum relation for all values of &lt;i&gt;q&lt;i/&gt;. This suggests that the present nonlinear theory constitutes a new field theoretical representation of particle dynamics. In the limit of massless particles the present &lt;i&gt;q&lt;i/&gt;-generalized Proca theory reduces to Maxwell electromagnetism, and the &lt;i&gt;q&lt;i/&gt;-plane waves yield localized, transverse solutions of Maxwell equations. Physical consequences and possible applications are discussed."
"We consider the soft wall holographic approach for description of the high- superconductivity. In comparison with the existing bottom-up holographic superconductors, the proposed approach is more phenomenological and does not describe the superconducting phase transition. On the other hand, technically it is simpler and has more freedom for fitting the conductivity properties of the real high- materials in the superconducting phase. Some examples of emerging models are analyzed."
"In a recent paper in EPJC doi:10.1140/epjc/s10052-016-4037-5, Faria has shown that quantum massive conformal gravity is renormalizable but has ghost states. We comment this paper on the aspect of renormalizability."
"We consider the cosmological dynamics of a nonminimally coupled scalar field in scalar–torsion gravity in the presence of hydrodynamical matter. The potential of the scalar field have been chosen as power law with negative index, this type of potentials is usually used in quintessence scenarios. We identify several asymptotic regimes, including de Sitter, kinetic dominance, kinetic tracker, and tracker solutions and study the conditions for their existence and stability. We show that for each combination of coupling constant and potential power index one of the regimes studied in the present paper is stable to the future."
"Supernova neutrinos have several exceptional features which can lead to interesting physical consequences. At the production point their wave packets have an extremely small size  cm; hence the energy uncertainty can be as large as the energy itself, , and the coherence length is short. On the way to the Earth the wave packets of mass eigenstates spread to macroscopic sizes and separate. Inside the Earth the mass eigenstates split into eigenstates in matter and oscillate again. The coherence length in the Earth is comparable with the radius of the Earth. We explore these features and their consequences. (1) We present new estimates of the wave packet size. (2) We consider the decoherence condition for the case of wave packets with spatial spread and show that it is not modified by the spread. (3) We study the coherence of neutrinos propagating in a multi-layer medium with density jumps at the borders of layers. In this case coherence can be partially restored due to a “catch-up effect”, increasing the coherence length beyond the usual estimate. This catch-up effect can occur for supernova neutrinos as they cross the shock wave fronts in the exploding star or the core of the Earth."
"In &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt;-dimensional spherically symmetric &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity there are three unknown functions to be determined from the fourth order differential equations. It is shown that the system remarkably may be integrated to relate two functions through the third one to provide a reduction to second order equations accompanied with a large class of potential solutions. The third function, which acts as the generator of the process, is . We recall that our generating function has been employed as a scalar field with an accompanying self-interacting potential previously, which is entirely different from our approach. Reduction of &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) theory into a system of equations seems to be efficient enough to generate a solution corresponding to each generating function. As particular examples, besides the known ones, we obtain new black hole solutions in any dimension &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt;. We further extend our analysis to cover non-zero energy-momentum tensors. Global monopole and Maxwell sources are given as examples."
"According to the braneworld idea, ordinary matter is confined on a three-dimensional space (brane) that is embedded in a higher-dimensional space-time where gravity propagates. In this work, after reviewing the limits coming from general relativity, finiteness of pressure and causality on the brane, we derive observational constraints on the braneworld parameters from the existence of stable compact stars. The analysis is carried out by solving numerically the brane-modified Tolman–Oppenheimer–Volkoff equations, using different representative equations of state to describe matter in the star interior. The cases of normal dense matter, pure quark matter and hybrid matter are considered."
"The electron–proton collisions collected by the H1 and ZEUS experiments at HERA comprise a unique particle physics data set, and a comprehensive range of measurements has been performed to provide new insight into the structure of the proton. The high centre of mass energy at HERA has also allowed rare processes to be studied, including the production of &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; and bosons and events with multiple leptons in the final state. The data have also opened up a new domain to searches for physics beyond the Standard Model including contact interactions, leptoquarks, excited fermions and a number of supersymmetric models. This review presents a summary of such results, where the analyses reported correspond to an integrated luminosity of up to 1 fb, representing the complete data set recorded by the H1 and ZEUS experiments."
"Explicit Robinson–Trautman solutions with an electromagnetic field satisfying nonlinear field equations are derived and analyzed. The solutions are generated from the spherically symmetric ones. In all studied cases the electromagnetic field singularity is removed while the gravitational one persists. The models resolving the curvature singularity in spherically symmetric spacetimes could not be generalized to the Robinson–Trautman geometry using the generating method developed in this paper, which indicates that the removal of a singularity in the associated spherically symmetric case might be just a consequence of high symmetry. We show that the obtained solutions are generally of algebraic type II and reduce to type D in spherical symmetry. Asymptotically they tend to the spherically symmetric case as well."
"At the invariant mass spectrum of a new resonance has been observed, however, the previously confirmed does not show up at this channel. In this paper we assume that and are molecular states of and , respectively, then we calculate the transition rates of and in the light-front model. Our results show that the partial width of is only three times smaller than that of . seems to be a molecular state, so if is also a molecular state it should be observed in the portal as long as the database is sufficiently large; to the contrary if the future more precise measurements still cannot find at channel, the molecular assignment to should be ruled out."
"We study the vacuum stability and perturbativity conditions in the minimal type-II seesaw model. These conditions give characteristic constraints to the model parameters. In the model, there is a triplet scalar field, which could cause a large Higgs mass correction. From the naturalness point of view, heavy Higgs masses should be lower than , which may be testable by the LHC Run-II results. Due to the effects of the triplet scalar field, the branching ratios of the Higgs decay () deviate from the standard model, and a large parameter region is excluded by the recent ATLAS and CMS combined analysis of . Our result of the signal strength for is , but its deviation is too small to observe at the LHC experiment."
"Using a new geometrical method introduced by Werner, we find the deflection angle in the weak limit approximation by a spinning cosmic string in the context of the Einstein–Cartan (EC) theory of gravity. We begin by adopting the String-Randers optical metric, then we apply the Gauss–Bonnet theorem to the optical geometry and derive the leading terms of the deflection angle in the equatorial plane. Calculation shows that light deflection is affected by the intrinsic spin of the cosmic string and torsion."
"It is shown that in central collisions of Au nuclei with heavy emulsion nuclei at 11.6 AGeV/c two-particles pseudorapidity correlations for produced particles in terms of correlation functions demonstrate predominantly long-range behaviour in contrast to nucleon-nucleon interactions. The experimental data are compared with calculations based on the FRITIOF-M model and the model of independent emission of particles."
"This paper investigates the dynamics of an axial reflection symmetric model in self-interacting Brans–Dicke gravity for anisotropic fluid. We formulate hydrodynamical equations and discuss oscillations using a time-dependent perturbation for both spin-dependent and spin-independent cases. The expressions of the frequency, the total energy density, and the equation of motion of the oscillating model are obtained. We study the instability of the oscillating models in weak approximations. It is found that the oscillations and stability of the model depend upon the dark energy source along with anisotropy and reflection effects. We conclude that the axial reflection system remains stable for stiffness parameter , collapses for , and becomes unstable for ."
"We study effects of a rippling gravitational background on a scalar field with a double well potential, focusing on the analogy with the well known dynamics of the Kapitza’s pendulum. The ripples are rendered as infinitesimal but rapidly oscillating perturbations of the scale factor. We find that the resulting dynamics crucially depends on a value of the parameter in the vertex. For the time-dependent perturbations of a proper form the resulting effective action is generally covariant, and at a high enough frequency at and at the effective potential has a single minimum at zero, thereby restoring spontaneously broken symmetry of the ground state. On the other side, at spontaneous symmetry breaking emerges even when it is absent in the unperturbed case."
"We study the constraints of the generic two-Higgs-doublet model (2HDM) type-III and the impacts of the new Yukawa couplings. For comparisons, we revisit the analysis in the 2HDM type-II. To understand the influence of all involving free parameters and to realize their correlations, we employ a -square fitting approach by including theoretical and experimental constraints, such as the S, T, and U oblique parameters, the production of standard model Higgs and its decay to , , , etc. The errors of the analysis are taken at 68, 95.5, and confidence levels. Due to the new Yukawa couplings being associated with and , we find that the allowed regions for and in the type-III model can be broader when the dictated parameter is positive; however, for negative , the limits are stricter than those in the type-II model. By using the constrained parameters, we find that the deviation from the SM in can be of . Additionally, we also study the top-quark flavor-changing processes induced at the tree level in the type-III model and find that when all current experimental data are considered, we get for and  GeV, and slightly exceeds for  GeV."
"We consider the FLRW universe in a loop quantum cosmological model filled with radiation, baryonic matter (with negligible pressure), dark energy, and dark matter. The dark matter sector is supposed to be of Bose–Einstein condensate type. The Bose–Einstein condensation process in a cosmological context by supposing it as an approximate first-order phase transition, has already been studied in the literature. Here, we study the evolution of the physical quantities related to the early universe description such as the energy density, temperature, and scale factor of the universe, before, during, and after the condensation process. We also consider in detail the evolution era of the universe in a mixed normal–condensate dark matter phase. The behavior and time evolution of the condensate dark matter fraction is also analyzed."
"The pre-inflationary evolution of the universe describes the beginning of the expansion from a static initial state, such that the Hubble parameter is initially zero, but increases to an asymptotic constant value, in which it could achieve a de Sitter (inflationary) expansion. The expansion is driven by a background phantom field. The back-reaction effects at this moment should describe vacuum geometrical excitations, which are studied in detail in this work using relativistic quantum geometry."
"A measurement of the forward–backward asymmetry of oppositely charged lepton pairs ( and ) produced via boson exchange in pp collisions at is presented. The data sample corresponds to an integrated luminosity of 19.7 collected with the CMS detector at the LHC. The measurement of is performed for dilepton masses between 40 and 2 and for dilepton rapidity up to 5. The measurements as a function of dilepton mass and rapidity are compared with the standard model predictions."
"We calculate analytical vacuum stability or bounded from below conditions for general scalar potentials of a few fields. After a brief review of copositivity, we show how to find positivity conditions for more complicated potentials. We discuss the vacuum stability conditions of the general potential of two real scalars, without and with the Higgs boson included in the potential. As further examples, we give explicit vacuum stability conditions for the two Higgs doublet model with no explicit CP breaking, and for the scalar dark matter with an inert doublet and a complex singlet. We give a short overview of positivity conditions for tensors of quartic couplings via tensor eigenvalues."
"According to Padmanabhan’s proposal, the difference between the surface degrees of freedom and the bulk degrees of freedom in a region of space may result in the acceleration of Universe expansion through the relation where and are referred to the degrees of freedom related to the matter and energy content inside the bulk and surface area, respectively (Padmanabhan, arXiv:1206.4916v1, 2012). In this paper, we study the dynamical effect of the extrinsic geometrical embedding of an arbitrary four-dimensional brane in a higher-dimensional bulk space and investigate the corresponding degrees of freedom. Considering the modification of the Friedmann equations arising from a general braneworld scenario, we obtain a correction term in Padmanabhan’s relation, denoting the number of degrees of freedom related to the extrinsic geometry of the brane embedded in higher-dimensional spacetime as where is for the degree of freedom related to the extrinsic geometry of the brane, while and are defined as before. Finally, we study the validity of the first and second laws of thermodynamics for this general braneworld scenario in the state of thermal equilibrium and in the presence of confined matter fields to the brane with the induced geometric matter fields."
"The number of charged particles inside jets is a widely used discriminant for identifying the quark or gluon nature of the initiating parton and is sensitive to both the perturbative and non-perturbative components of fragmentation. This paper presents a measurement of the average number of charged particles with  inside high-momentum jets in dijet events using 20.3 fb of data recorded with the ATLAS detector in &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collisions at   collisions at the LHC. The jets considered have transverse momenta from 50  up to and beyond 1.5 . The reconstructed charged-particle track multiplicity distribution is unfolded to remove distortions from detector effects and the resulting charged-particle multiplicity is compared to several models. Furthermore, quark and gluon jet fractions are used to extract the average charged-particle multiplicity for quark and gluon jets separately."
"We study two exactly solvable five-dimensional thick brane world models in pure metric &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity. Working in the Einstein frame, we show that these solutions are stable against small linear perturbations, including the tensor, vector, and scalar modes. For both models, the corresponding gravitational zero mode is localized on the brane, which leads to the four-dimensional Newton law; while the massive modes are non-localized and only contribute a small correction to the Newton law at a large distance."
"In this work we use the holographic soft-wall AdS/QCD model with anomalous dimension contributions coming from two different QCD beta functions to calculate the masses of higher spin glueball states for both even and odd spins and their Regge trajectories, related to the pomeron and the odderon, respectively. We further investigate this model taking into account dynamical corrections due to a dilaton potential consistent with the Einstein equations in five dimensions. The results found in this work for the Regge trajectories within the anomalous soft-wall model with dynamical corrections are consistent with those present in the literature."
"In this work, we study the -type molecular systems systematically via the one pion exchange model, where &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt; denotes the narrow meson or meson and is its antiparticle. With the effective potentials, we try to find the bound-state solutions of the corresponding systems, which provide crucial information of whether -type molecular states exist. By our analysis, we predict some -type molecular states which may be accessible at future experiments like LHCb and forthcoming BelleII."
"We study the Hawking radiation of scalar and Dirac particles (fermions) emitted from a rotating scalar hair black hole (RSHBH) within the context of three dimensional (3&lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt;) Einstein gravity using non-minimally coupled scalar field theory. Amalgamating the quantum tunneling approach with the Wentzel–Kramers–Brillouin approximation, we obtain the tunneling rates of the outgoing particles across the event horizon. Inserting the resultant tunneling rates into the Boltzmann formula, we then obtain the Hawking temperature () of the 3&lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt; RSHBH."
"A search for narrow resonances decaying to an electron and a muon is presented. The mass spectrum is also investigated for non-resonant contributions from the production of quantum black holes (QBHs). The analysis is performed using data corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 19.7 collected in proton-proton collisions at a centre-of-mass energy of 8 with the CMS detector at the LHC. With no evidence for physics beyond the standard model in the invariant mass spectrum of selected pairs, upper limits are set at 95  confidence level on the product of cross section and branching fraction for signals arising in theories with charged lepton flavour violation. In the search for narrow resonances, the resonant production of a sneutrino in R-parity violating supersymmetry is considered. The sneutrino is excluded for masses below 1.28 for couplings , and below 2.30 for and . These are the most stringent limits to date from direct searches at high-energy colliders. In addition, the resonance searches are interpreted in terms of a model with heavy partners of the boson and the photon. In a framework of TeV-scale quantum gravity based on a renormalization of Newton’s constant, the search for non-resonant contributions to the mass spectrum excludes QBH production below a threshold mass of 1.99. In models that invoke extra dimensions, the bounds range from 2.36 for one extra dimension to 3.63 for six extra dimensions. This is the first search for QBHs decaying into the final state."
"The coherent cross section of , , and are computed in the dipole model in the ultraperipheral PbPb collisions. The IP-Sat and IIM model are applied in the calculation of the differential cross section of the dipole scattering off the nucleon, and three kinds of forward vector meson wave functions are used in the overlap. The prediction of and is compared with the experimental data of the ALICE collaboration, and the prediction of is also given in this paper."
"The aim of this paper is to discuss the theory of Newtonian and relativistic polytropes with a generalized polytropic equation of state. For this purpose, we formulated the general framework to discuss the physical properties of polytropes with an anisotropic inner fluid distribution under conformally flat condition in the presence of charge. We investigate the stability of these polytropes in the vicinity of a generalized polytropic equation through the Tolman mass. It is concluded that one of the derived models is physically acceptable."
"The superradiant stability is investigated for non-extremal Reissner–Nordström black holes. We use an algebraic method to demonstrate that all non-extremal Reissner–Nordström black holes are superradiantly stable against a charged massive scalar perturbation. This improves the results obtained before for non-extremal Reissner–Nordström black holes."
"We study the decay constants () of the heavy vector (, , , , ) and tensor (, , , ) mesons in the light-front quark model. With the known pseudoscalar meson decay constants of , , , , and as the input parameters to determine the light-front meson wave functions, we obtain , , , , ) and , , , , ) MeV with Gaussian and power-law wave functions, respectively, while we have = (, , , ) MeV with only Gaussian wave functions."
NaN
"We numerically solve the equations of motion (EOM) for two models of circular cosmic string loops with windings in a simply connected internal space. Since the windings cannot be topologically stabilized, stability must be achieved (if at all) dynamically. As toy models for realistic compactifications, we consider windings on a small section of , which is valid as an approximation to any simply connected internal manifold if the winding radius is sufficiently small, and windings on an of constant radius . We then use Kosambi–Cartan–Chern (KCC) theory to analyze the Jacobi stability of the string equations and determine bounds on the physical parameters that ensure dynamical stability of the windings. We find that, for the same initial conditions, the curvature and topology of the internal space have nontrivial effects on the microscopic behavior of the string in the higher dimensions, but that the macroscopic behavior is remarkably insensitive to the details of the motion in the compact space. This suggests that higher-dimensional signatures may be extremely difficult to detect in the effective -dimensional dynamics of strings compactified on an internal space, even if configurations with nontrivial windings persist over long time periods."
"We derive the neutrino flavor transition probabilities with the neutrino treated as a wave packet. The decoherence and dispersion effects from the wave-packet treatment show up as damping and phase-shifting of the plane-wave neutrino oscillation patterns. If the energy uncertainty in the initial neutrino wave packet is larger than around 0.01 of the neutrino energy, the decoherence and dispersion effects would degrade the sensitivity of reactor neutrino experiments to mass hierarchy measurement to lower than 3 confidence level."
"We consider five-dimensional AdS-axion–dilaton gravity with a Gauss–Bonnet term and use a black brane solution displaying spatial anisotropy as the gravity dual of a strongly coupled anisotropic plasma. We compute several observables relevant to the study of the plasma, namely, the drag force, the jet quenching parameter, the quarkonium potential, and the thermal photon production. The effects of higher derivative corrections and of the anisotropy are discussed and compared with previous results."
"We investigate the quantisation in the Heisenberg representation of a model which represents a simplification of the Hopfield model for dielectric media, where the electromagnetic field is replaced by a scalar field and the role of the polarisation field is played by a further scalar field . The model, which is quadratic in the fields, is still characterised by a non-trivial physical content, as the physical particles correspond to the polaritons of the standard Hopfield model of condensed matter physics. Causality is also taken into account and a discussion of the standard interaction representation is also considered."
"By extending the -derivable approach in the Nambu–Jona-Lasinio model to a finite magnetic field we calculate the properties of pion, , and mesons in a magnetic field at finite temperature not only in the quark–antiquark bound state scheme but also in the pion–pion scattering resonant state scenario. Our calculation as a result makes manifest that the masses of and meson can be nearly degenerate at the pseudo-critical temperature which increases with increasing magnetic field strength, and the mass ascends suddenly at almost the same critical temperature. Meanwhile the mesons’ masses decrease with the temperature but increase with the magnetic field strength. We also check the Gell-Mann–Oakes–Renner relation and find that the relation can be violated clearly with increasing temperature, and the effect of the magnetic field becomes pronounced around the critical temperature. With different criteria, we analyze the effect of the magnetic field on the chiral phase transition and find that the pseudo-critical temperature of the chiral phase cross, , is always enhanced by the magnetic field. Moreover, our calculations indicate that the mesons will get melted as the chiral symmetry has not yet been restored, but the meson does not disassociate even at very high temperature. Particularly, it is the first to show that there does not exist a vector meson condensate in the QCD vacuum in the pion–pion scattering scheme."
"In Wang–Landau type algorithms, Monte-Carlo updates are performed with respect to the density of states, which is iteratively refined during simulations. The partition function and thermodynamic observables are then obtained by standard integration. In this work, our recently introduced method in this class (the LLR approach) is analysed and further developed. Our approach is a histogram free method particularly suited for systems with continuous degrees of freedom giving rise to a continuum density of states, as it is commonly found in lattice gauge theories and in some statistical mechanics systems. We show that the method possesses an exponential error suppression that allows us to estimate the density of states over several orders of magnitude with nearly constant &lt;i&gt;relative&lt;i/&gt; precision. We explain how ergodicity issues can be avoided and how expectation values of arbitrary observables can be obtained within this framework. We then demonstrate the method using compact U(1) lattice gauge theory as a show case. A thorough study of the algorithm parameter dependence of the results is performed and compared with the analytically expected behaviour. We obtain high precision values for the critical coupling for the phase transition and for the peak value of the specific heat for lattice sizes ranging from to . Our results perfectly agree with the reference values reported in the literature, which covers lattice sizes up to . Robust results for the volume are obtained for the first time. This latter investigation, which, due to strong metastabilities developed at the pseudo-critical coupling of the system, so far has been out of reach even on supercomputers with importance sampling approaches, has been performed to high accuracy with modest computational resources. This shows the potential of the method for studies of first order phase transitions. Other situations where the method is expected to be superior to importance sampling techniques are pointed out."
"A natural presymplectic structure for non-Lagrangian equations of motion governing the dynamics of free higher-spin fields in four-dimensional anti-de Sitter space is proposed. This presymplectic structure is then used in the derivation of the conserved currents associated with the relativistic invariance and to the construction of local functionals of fields that are gauge invariant on shell."
"Motivated by a recent work on asymptotically Ad black holes in M-theory, we investigate both thermodynamics and the thermodynamical geometry of Reissner–Nordstrom-AdS black holes from M2-branes. More precisely, we study AdS black holes in , with the number of M2-branes interpreted as a thermodynamical variable. In this context, we calculate various thermodynamical quantities including the chemical potential, and examine their phase transitions along with the corresponding stability behaviors. In addition, we also evaluate the thermodynamical curvatures of the Weinhold, Ruppeiner, and Quevedo metrics for M2-branes geometry to study the stability of such a black object. We show that the singularities of these scalar curvature’s metrics reproduce similar stability results to those obtained by the phase transition diagram via the heat capacities in different ensembles either when the number of the M2 branes or the charge is held fixed. Also, we note that all results derived in Belhaj et al. (Eur Phys J C 76(2):73, 2016) are recovered in the limit of the vanishing charge."
"We revisit the inflection point inflation with an extended discussion to large field values and consider the reheating effects on the inflationary predictions. Parametrizing the reheating dynamics in terms of the reheating temperature and the equation of state during reheating, we show how the observationally favored parameter space of inflection point inflation is affected by reheating dynamics. Consequently, we apply the general results to the inflation models with non-minimal coupling, such as the SM Higgs inflation and the Higgs inflation."
"The NuMI Off-Axis Appearance (NOA) is the currently running leading long-baseline neutrino oscillation experiment, whose main physics goal is to explore the current issues in the neutrino sector, such as determination of the neutrino mass ordering, resolution of the octant of the atmospheric mixing angle, and to constrain the Dirac-type CP violating phase . In this paper, we would like to investigate whether it is possible to extract the best possible results from NOA with a shorter time span than its scheduled run period by analyzing its capability to discriminate the degeneracy among various neutrino oscillation parameters within 4 years of run time, with 2 years in each neutrino and antineutrino modes. Further, we study the same by adding the data from the T2K experiment for a total of 5 years run with 3.5 years in neutrino mode and 1.5 years in antineutrino mode. We find that NOA () has a better oscillation parameter degeneracy discrimination capability compared to its scheduled run period for 4 years, i.e., NOA ()."
"This paper is devoted to investigate cylindrical solutions in mimetic gravity. The explicit forms of the metric of this theory, namely mimetic-Kasner (say) have been obtained. In this study we have noticed that the Kasner’s family of exact solutions needs to be reconsidered under this type of modified gravity. A no-go theorem is proposed for the exact solutions in the presence of a cosmological constant."
"We study the experimental &lt;i&gt;DK&lt;i/&gt; invariant mass spectra of the reactions [see pdf] , (measured by the BaBar collaboration) and (measured by the LHCb collaboration), where an enhancement right above the threshold is seen. We show that this enhancement is due to the presence of , which is a &lt;i&gt;DK&lt;i/&gt; bound state in the sector. We employ a unitarized amplitude with an interaction potential fixed by heavy meson chiral perturbation theory. We obtain a mass , and we also show, by means of the Weinberg compositeness condition, that the &lt;i&gt;DK&lt;i/&gt; component in the wave function of this state is , where the first (second) error is statistical (systematic)."
"The propagation of neutrinos in long baselines experiments may be influenced by dissipation effects. Using the Lindblad master equation we evolve neutrinos taking into account these dissipative effects. The MSW and the dissipative effects may change the behavior of the probabilities. In this work, we show and explain how the behavior of the probabilities can change due to the decoherence and relaxation effects acting individually with the MSW effect. A new exotic peak appears in this case and we show the difference between the decoherence and relaxation effects in the appearance of this peak. We also adapt the usual approximate expression for survival and appearance probabilities with all possible decoherence effects. We suppose the baseline of DUNE and show how each of the decoherence parameters changes the probabilities analyzing the possible modification using a numeric and an analytic approach."
"The complete effective chiral Lagrangian for a dynamical Higgs is presented and constrained by means of a global analysis including electroweak precision data together with Higgs and triple gauge-boson coupling data from the LHC Run I. The operators’ basis up to next-to-leading order in the expansion consists of 148 (188 considering right-handed neutrinos) flavour universal terms and it is presented here making explicit the custodial nature of the operators. This effective Lagrangian provides the most general description of the physical Higgs couplings once the electroweak symmetry is assumed, and it allows for deviations from the doublet nature of the Standard Model Higgs. The comparison with the effective linear Lagrangian constructed with an exact doublet Higgs and considering operators with at most canonical dimension six is presented. A promising strategy to disentangle the two descriptions consists in analysing (i) anomalous signals present only in the chiral Lagrangian and not expected in the linear one, that are potentially relevant for LHC searches, and (ii) decorrelation effects between observables that are predicted to be correlated in the linear case and not in the chiral one. The global analysis presented here, which includes several kinematic distributions, is crucial for reducing the allowed parameter space and for controlling the correlations between parameters. This improves previous studies aimed at investigating the Higgs Nature and the origin of the electroweak symmetry breaking."
"The understanding of the pion structure as described in terms of transverse-momentum-dependent parton distribution functions (TMDs) is of importance for the interpretation of currently ongoing Drell–Yan experiments with pion beams. In this work we discuss the description of pion TMDs beyond leading twist in a pion model formulated in the light-front constituent framework. For comparison, we also review and derive new results for pion TMDs in the bag and spectator model."
"We modify and generalize the known solution for the electromagnetic field when a vacuum, stationary, axisymmetric black hole is immersed in a uniform magnetic field to the case of nonvacuum black holes (of modified gravity) and determine all linear terms of the vector potential in powers of the magnetic field and the rotation parameter."
"The asymptotic form of Dirac spinors in the field of the Reissner–Nordström black hole is derived for the scattering states (with ) obtaining the phase shifts of the partial wave analysis of Dirac fermions scattered from charged black holes. Elastic scattering and absorption are studied giving analytic formulas for the partial amplitudes and cross sections. A graphical study is performed for analyzing the differential cross section (forward/backward scattering) and the polarization degrees as functions of the scattering angle."
"The oscillation frequency, , of mesons is measured using semileptonic decays with a or meson in the final state. The data sample corresponds to 3.0 of &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collisions, collected by the LHCb experiment at centre-of-mass energies = 7 and 8. A combination of the two decay modes gives , where the first uncertainty is statistical and the second is systematic. This is the most precise single measurement of this parameter. It is consistent with the current world average and has similar precision."
"We compute the next-to-leading order virtual QCD corrections to Higgs-pair production via gluon fusion. We present analytic results for the two-loop contributions to the spin-0 and spin-2 form factors in the amplitude. The reducible contributions, given by the double-triangle diagrams, are evaluated exactly while the two-loop irreducible diagrams are evaluated by an asymptotic expansion in heavy top-quark mass up to and including terms of . Assuming that the finite top-quark mass effects are of similar size in the entire range of partonic energies, we estimate that mass effects can reduce the hadronic cross section by at most ."
"In this paper we study cosmological dynamics of the phantom as well as non-phantom fields with a linear potential in the presence of a Galileon correction . We show that the Big Crunch singularity is delayed compared to the standard case; the delay crucially depends upon the strength of a Galileon correction. As for the phantom Galileon, is shown to grow more slowly compared to the standard phantom delaying the approach of the singularity. In the case, , Big Rip is also delayed, similar phenomenon is shown to take place for potentials steeper than the exponential."
"The Wigner distributions for the &lt;i&gt;u&lt;i/&gt; and the &lt;i&gt;d&lt;i/&gt; quarks in a proton are calculated using the light-front wave functions of the scalar quark–diquark model for a nucleon constructed from the soft-wall AdS/QCD correspondence. We present a detailed study of the quark orbital angular momentum and its correlation with the quark spin and the proton spin. The quark density distributions, considering the different polarizations of quarks and proton, in transverse momentum plane as well as in transverse impact parameter plane are presented for both &lt;i&gt;u&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;d&lt;i/&gt; quarks."
"In high-energy collisions of heavy ions, experimental findings of collective flow are customarily associated with the presence of a thermalized medium expanding according to the laws of hydrodynamics. Recently, the ATLAS, CMS, and ALICE experiments found signals of the same type and magnitude in ultrarelativistic proton–proton collisions. In this study, the state-of-the-art hydrodynamic model SONIC is used to simulate the systems created in p+p collisions. By varying the size of the second-order transport coefficients, the range of applicability of hydrodynamics itself to the systems created in p+p collisions is quantified. It is found that hydrodynamics can give quantitatively reliable results for the particle spectra and the elliptic momentum anisotropy coefficient . Using a simple geometric model of the proton based on the elastic form factor leads to results of similar type and magnitude to those found in experiment when allowing for a small bulk viscosity coefficient."
"The continuous spontaneous localization (CSL) model has been proposed as a possible solution to the quantum measurement problem by modifying the Schrödinger equation. In this work, we apply the CSL model to two cosmological models of the early Universe: the matter bounce scenario and slow roll inflation. In particular, we focus on the generation of the classical primordial inhomogeneities and anisotropies that arise from the dynamical evolution, provided by the CSL mechanism, of the quantum state associated to the quantum fields. In each case, we obtained a prediction for the shape and the parameters characterizing the primordial spectra (scalar and tensor), i.e. the amplitude, the spectral index and the tensor-to-scalar ratio. We found that there exist CSL parameter values, allowed by other non-cosmological experiments, for which our predictions for the angular power spectrum of the CMB temperature anisotropy are consistent with the best fit canonical model to the latest data released by the Planck Collaboration."
"We provide a novel action principle for nonrelativistic ideal magnetohydrodynamics in the Eulerian scheme exploiting a Clebsch-type parametrisation. Both Lagrangian and Hamiltonian formulations have been considered. Within the Hamiltonian framework, two complementary approaches have been discussed using Dirac’s constraint analysis. In one case the Hamiltonian is canonical involving only physical variables but the brackets have a noncanonical structure, while the other retains the canonical structure of brackets by enlarging the phase space. The special case of incompressible magnetohydrodynamics is also considered where, again, both the approaches are discussed in the Hamiltonian framework. The conservation of the stress tensor reveals interesting aspects of the theory."
"The effects of several dark energy models on gravitational time delay of particles with non-zero mass are investigated and analytical expressions for the same are obtained at the first order accuracy. Also the expression for gravitational time delay under the influence of conformal gravity potential that well describes the flat rotation curve of spiral galaxies is derived. The findings suggest that (i) the conformal gravity description of dark matter reduces the net time delay in contrast to the effect of normal dark matter, and therefore in principle the models can be discriminated using gravitational time delay observations, and (ii) the effect of dark energy/flat rotation curve may be revealed from high-precision measurements of gravitational time delay of particles involving the megaparsec and beyond distance scale."
"This paper explores the dynamics of particles in higher dimensions. For this purpose, we discuss some interesting features related to the motion of particles near a Myers–Perry black hole with arbitrary extra dimensions as well as a single non-zero spin parameter. Assuming it as a supermassive black hole at the center of the galaxy, we calculate red–blue shifts in the equatorial plane for the far away observer as well as the corresponding black hole parameters of the photons. Next, we study the Penrose process and find that the energy gain of the particle depends on the variation of the black hole dimensions. Finally, we discuss the center of mass energy for 11 dimensions, which indicates a similar behavior to that of four dimensions but it is higher in four dimensions than five or more dimensions. We conclude that higher dimensions have a great impact on the particle dynamics."
"This paper presents measurements of distributions of charged particles which are produced in proton–proton collisions at a centre-of-mass energy of √&lt;i&gt;s&lt;i/&gt; = 8 TeV and recorded by the ATLAS detector at the LHC. A special dataset recorded in 2012 with a small number of interactions per beam crossing (below 0.004) and corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 160 µb&lt;sup&gt;-1&lt;sup/&gt; was used. A minimum-bias trigger was utilised to select a data sample of more than 9 million collision events. The multiplicity, pseudorapidity, and transverse momentum distributions of charged particles are shown in different regions of kinematics and charged-particle multiplicity, including measurements of final states at high multiplicity. The results are corrected for detector effects and are compared to the predictions of various Monte Carlo event generator models which simulate the full hadronic final state."
"Recently the ANTARES collaboration presented a time dependent analysis of a selected number of flaring blazars to look for upward going muon events produced from the charge current interaction of the muon neutrinos. We use the same list of flaring blazars to look for a possible positional correlation with the IceCube neutrino events. In the context of the photohadronic model we propose that the neutrinos are produced within the nuclear region of the blazar where Fermi accelerated high energy protons interact with the background synchrotron/SSC photons. Although we found that some objects from the ANTARES list are within the error circles of a few IceCube events, the statistical analysis shows that none of these sources have a significant correlation."
"A measurement of the W boson pair production cross section in proton-proton collisions at  TeV is presented. The data collected with the CMS detector at the LHC correspond to an integrated luminosity of 19.4. The candidates are selected from events with two charged leptons, electrons or muons, and large missing transverse energy. The measured cross section is , consistent with the standard model prediction. The cross sections are also measured in two different fiducial phase space regions. The normalized differential cross section is measured as a function of kinematic variables of the final-state charged leptons and compared with several perturbative QCD predictions. Limits on anomalous gauge couplings associated with dimension-six operators are also given in the framework of an effective field theory. The corresponding 95 % confidence level intervals are , , , in the HISZ basis."
"The thermodynamic entropy of an isolated system is given by its von Neumann entropy. Over the last few years, there has been an intense activity to understand the thermodynamic entropy from the principles of quantum mechanics. More specifically, is there a relation between the (von Neumann) entropy of entanglement between a system and some (separate) environment and the thermodynamic entropy? It is difficult to obtain the relation for many body systems, hence, most of the work in the literature has focused on small number systems. In this work, we consider black holes—which are simple yet macroscopic systems—and show that a direct connection could not be made between the entropy of entanglement and the Hawking temperature. In this work, within the adiabatic approximation, we explicitly show that the Hawking temperature is indeed given by the rate of change of the entropy of entanglement across a black hole’s horizon with regard to the system energy. This is yet other numerical evidence leading to understanding the key features of black-hole thermodynamics from the viewpoint of quantum information theory."
"We study the charmless two-body and three-body decays. We obtain to agree with the recent LHCb measurement. However, we find that is unable to explain the LHCb observation of , which implies the possibility for other contributions, such as that from the resonant decay with as a higher-wave baryon state. For , we show that , which are consistent with the current data of , respectively. Our results also support the relation of , given by the previous study."
"The present work suggests that the isocurvature tension between axion and high energy inflationary scenarios may be avoided by considering a double field inflationary model involving the hidden Peccei–Quinn Higgs and the Standard Model one. Some terms in the lagrangian we propose explicitly violate the Peccei–Quinn symmetry but, at the present era, their effect is completely negligible. The resulting mechanism allows for a large value for the axion constant, of the order , thus the axion isocurvature fluctuations are suppressed even when the scale of inflation is very high, of the order of . This numerical value is typical in Higgs inflationary models. An analysis about topological defect formation in this scenario is also performed, and it is suggested that, under certain assumptions, their effect is not catastrophic from the cosmological point of view."
"A summary of measurements of the fragmentation of charm quarks into a specific hadron is given. Measurements performed in photoproduction and deep inelastic scattering in , &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; and collisions are compared, using up-to-date branching ratios. Within uncertainties, all measurements agree, supporting the hypothesis that fragmentation is independent of the specific production process. Averages of the fragmentation fractions over all measurements are presented. The average has significantly reduced uncertainties compared to individual measurements."
"In this paper, we take into account black hole solutions of Brans–Dicke–Maxwell theory and investigate their stability and phase transition points. We apply the concept of geometry in thermodynamics to obtain phase transition points and compare its results with those, calculated in the canonical ensemble through heat capacity. We show that these black holes enjoy second order phase transitions. We also show that there is a lower bound for the horizon radius of physical charged black holes in Brans–Dicke theory, which originates from restrictions of positivity of temperature. In addition, we find that employing a specific thermodynamical metric in the context of geometrical thermodynamics yields divergencies for the thermodynamical Ricci scalar in places of the phase transitions. It will be pointed out that due to the characteristic behavior of the thermodynamical Ricci scalar around its divergence points, one is able to distinguish the physical limitation point from the phase transitions. In addition, the free energy of these black holes will be obtained and its behavior will be investigated. It will be shown that the behavior of the free energy in the place where the heat capacity diverges demonstrates second order phase transition characteristics."
"Loop quantum cosmology (LQC) is the symmetric sector of loop quantum gravity. In this paper, we generalize the structure of loop quantum cosmology to the theories with arbitrary spacetime dimensions. The isotropic and homogeneous cosmological model in dimensions is quantized by the loop quantization method. Interestingly, we find that the underlying quantum theories are divided into two qualitatively different sectors according to spacetime dimensions. The effective Hamiltonian and modified dynamical equations of dimensional LQC are obtained. Moreover, our results indicate that the classical big bang singularity is resolved in arbitrary spacetime dimensions by a quantum bounce. We also briefly discuss the similarities and differences between the dimensional model and the dimensional one. Our model serves as a first example of higher dimensional loop quantum cosmology and offers the possibility to investigate quantum gravity effects in higher dimensional cosmology."
"The Einstein–Hilbert action in the context of higher derivative theories is considered for finding their BRST symmetries. Being a constraint system, the model is transformed in the minisuperspace language with the FRLW background and the gauge symmetries are explored. Exploiting the first order formalism developed by Banerjee et al. the diffeomorphism symmetry is extracted. From the general form of the gauge transformations of the field, the analogous BRST transformations are calculated. The effective Lagrangian is constructed by considering two gauge-fixing conditions. Further, the BRST (conserved) charge is computed, which plays an important role in defining the physical states from the total Hilbert space of states. The finite field-dependent BRST formulation is also studied in this context where the Jacobian for the functional measure is illustrated specifically."
"Due to the absence of tantalising hints for new physics during the LHC’s Run 1, the extension of the Higgs sector by dimension-six operators will provide the new phenomenological standard for searches of non-resonant extensions of the Standard Model. Using all dominant and subdominant Higgs production mechanisms at the LHC, we compute the constraints on Higgs physics-relevant dimension-six operators in a global and correlated fit. We show in how far these constraints can be improved by new Higgs channels becoming accessible at higher energy and luminosity, both through inclusive cross sections as well as through highly sensitive differential distributions. This allows us to discuss the sensitivity to new effects in the Higgs sector that can be reached at the LHC if direct hints for physics beyond the SM remain elusive. We discuss the impact of these constraints on well-motivated BSM scenarios."
"A search for squarks and gluinos in final states containing hadronic jets, missing transverse momentum but no electrons or muons is presented. The data were recorded in 2015 by the ATLAS experiment in proton–proton collisions at the Large Hadron Collider. No excess above the Standard Model background expectation was observed in 3.2  of analyzed data. Results are interpreted within simplified models that assume &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;-parity is conserved and the neutralino is the lightest supersymmetric particle. An exclusion limit at the 95 % confidence level on the mass of the gluino is set at 1.51  for a simplified model incorporating only a gluino octet and the lightest neutralino, assuming the lightest neutralino is massless. For a simplified model involving the strong production of mass-degenerate first- and second-generation squarks, squark masses below 1.03  are excluded for a massless lightest neutralino. These limits substantially extend the region of supersymmetric parameter space excluded by previous measurements with the ATLAS detector."
"We consider special supersymmetry (SUSY) transformations with &lt;i&gt;m&lt;i/&gt; generators for some class of models and study the physical consequences when making the Grassmann-odd transformations to form an Abelian supergroup with finite parameters and a set of group-like elements with finite parameters being functionals of the field variables. The SUSY-invariant path integral measure within conventional quantization scheme leads to the appearance of the Jacobian under a change of variables generated by such SUSY transformations, which is explicitly calculated. The Jacobian implies, first of all, the appearance of trivial interactions in the transformed action, and, second, the presence of a modified Ward identity which reduces to the standard Ward identities in the case of constant parameters. We examine the case of the and supersymmetric harmonic oscillators to illustrate the general concept by a simple free model with (1, 1) physical degrees of freedom. It is shown that the interaction terms have a corresponding SUSY-exact form: generated naturally under such generalized formulation. We argue that the case of a non-trivial interaction cannot be obtained in such a way."
"The low-energy and high-energy behavior of the pion–photon transition form factor are sensitive to the transverse and longitudinal distributions of the pion wave function, respectively. A careful study of shall thus provide helpful constraints on the properties of the pion wave function. In this paper, we present a combined analysis of the data on reported by the CELLO, the CLEO, the BABAR, and the BELLE Collaborations. It is performed by using the method of least squares. By using the combined measurements of the BELLE and CLEO Collaborations, the pion wave function longitudinal and transverse behavior can be fixed to a certain degree, i.e. we obtain  GeV and for , where and &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt; are two parameters of a convenient pion wave function model. It is noted that the distribution amplitude of such a pion wave function can mimic various longitudinal behaviors, as suggested in the literature under a proper choice of parameters. We observe that the CELLO, CLEO, and BELLE data are consistent with each other, all of which prefer the asymptotic-like distribution amplitude; while the BABAR data prefers a more broad distribution amplitude, such as the CZ-like one."
"Some of the operator product expansions (OPEs) between the lowest 16 higher spin currents of spins in an extension of the large linear superconformal algebra were constructed in superconformal coset theory previously. In this paper, by rewriting these OPEs in the superspace developed by Schoutens (and other groups), the remaining undetermined OPEs in which the corresponding singular terms possess the composite fields with spins are completely determined. Furthermore, by introducing arbitrary coefficients in front of the composite fields on the right-hand sides of the above complete 136 OPEs, reexpressing them in the superspace, and using the OPEs Mathematica package by Krivonos and Thielemans, the complete structures of the above OPEs with fixed coefficient functions are obtained with the help of various Jacobi identities. We then obtain ten super OPEs between the four higher spin currents denoted by , , and (corresponding 136 OPEs in the component approach) in the superconformal coset theory. Finally, we describe them as one single super OPE between the above 16 higher spin currents in the superspace. The fusion rule for this OPE contains the next 16 higher spin currents of spins of in addition to the quadratic lowest higher spin multiplet and the large linear superconformal family of the identity operator. The various structure constants (fixed coefficient functions) appearing on the right-hand side of this OPE depend on &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt; and the level &lt;i&gt;k&lt;i/&gt; of the bosonic spin-1 affine Kac–Moody current. For convenience, the above 136 OPEs in the component approach for generic (&lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;k&lt;i/&gt;) with simplified notation are given."
"In this paper we analyze the double vector meson production in photon–hadron () interactions at &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; / &lt;i&gt;pA&lt;i/&gt; / &lt;i&gt;AA&lt;i/&gt; collisions and present predictions for the , , and production considering the double scattering mechanism. We estimate the total cross sections and rapidity distributions at LHC energies and compare our results with the predictions for the double vector meson production in interactions at hadronic colliders. We present predictions for the different rapidity ranges probed by the ALICE, ATLAS, CMS, and LHCb Collaborations. Our results demonstrate that the and production in &lt;i&gt;PbPb&lt;i/&gt; collisions is dominated by the double-scattering mechanism, while the two-photon mechanism dominates in &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collisions. Moreover, our results indicate that the analysis of the production at LHC can be useful to constrain the double-scattering mechanism."
"In this article, we construct the axialvector-diquark–axialvector-antidiquark type tensor current to interpolate both the vector- and the axialvector-tetraquark states, then calculate the contributions of the vacuum condensates up to dimension 10 in the operator product expansion, and we obtain the QCD sum rules for both the vector- and the axialvector-tetraquark states. The numerical results support assigning the to be the diquark–antidiquark type tetraquark state, and assigning the &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4660) to be the diquark–antidiquark type tetraquark state. Furthermore, we take the &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4260) and &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4360) as the mixed charmonium–tetraquark states, and we construct the two-quark–tetraquark type tensor currents to study the masses and pole residues. The numerical results support assigning the &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4260) and &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4360) to be the mixed charmonium–tetraquark states."
"The measurement of Higgs pair production will be a cornerstone of the LHC program in the coming years. Double Higgs production provides a crucial window upon the mechanism of electroweak symmetry breaking and has a unique sensitivity to the Higgs trilinear coupling. We study the feasibility of a measurement of Higgs pair production in the final state at the LHC. Our analysis is based on a combination of traditional cut-based methods with state-of-the-art multivariate techniques. We account for all relevant backgrounds, including the contributions from light and charm jet mis-identification, which are ultimately comparable in size to the irreducible 4&lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt; QCD background. We demonstrate the robustness of our analysis strategy in a high pileup environment. For an integrated luminosity of  ab, a signal significance of is obtained, indicating that the final state alone could allow for the observation of double Higgs production at the High Luminosity LHC."
"We study the effects of a class of features of the potential of slow-roll inflationary models corresponding to a step symmetrically dumped by an even power negative exponential factor, which we call local features. Local-type features differ from other branch-type features considered previously, because the potential is only affected in a limited range of the scalar field value, and they are symmetric with respect to the location of the feature. This type of feature only affects the spectrum and bispectrum in a narrow range of scales which leave the horizon during the time interval corresponding to the modification of the potential. On the contrary branch-type features have effects on all the perturbation modes leaving the horizon when the field value is within the interval defining the branch, introducing for example differences in the power spectrum between large and small scale which are absent in the case of local-type features. The spectrum and bispectrum of primordial curvature perturbations are affected by oscillations around the scale exiting the horizon at the time corresponding to the feature. We also compute the effects of the features on the CMB temperature and polarization spectra, showing the effects of different choices of parameters."
"We investigate black hole production in collisions at the Large Hadron Collider by employing the horizon quantum mechanics for models of gravity with extra spatial dimensions. This approach can be applied to processes around the fundamental gravitational scale and naturally yields a suppression below the fundamental gravitational scale and for increasing number of extra dimensions. The results of numerical simulations performed with the black hole event generator BLACKMAX are here reported in order to illustrate the main differences in the numbers of expected black hole events and mass distributions."
"It has been argued from the earliest days of quantum chromodynamics that at asymptotically small values of &lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt; the parton distribution functions (PDFs) of the proton behave as , where the values of can be deduced from Regge theory, while at asymptotically large values of &lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt; the PDFs behave as , where the values of can be deduced from the Brodsky–Farrar quark counting rules. We critically examine these claims by extracting the exponents and from various global fits of parton distributions, analysing their scale dependence, and comparing their values to the naive expectations. We find that for valence distributions both Regge theory and counting rules are confirmed, at least within uncertainties, while for sea quarks and gluons the results are less conclusive. We also compare results from various PDF fits for the structure function ratio at large &lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt;, and caution against unrealistic uncertainty estimates due to overconstrained parametrisations."
"In the context of track fitting problems by a Kalman filter, the appropriate functional forms of the elements of the random process noise matrix are derived for tracking through thick layers of dense materials and magnetic field. This work complements the form of the process noise matrix obtained by Mankel [1]."
"Signals of QCD instanton-induced processes are searched for in neutral current deep-inelastic scattering at the electron-proton collider HERA in the kinematic region defined by the Bjorken-scaling variable , the inelasticity and the photon virtuality   GeV. The search is performed using H1 data corresponding to an integrated luminosity of  351 pb. No evidence for the production of QCD instanton-induced events is observed. Upper limits on the cross section for instanton-induced processes between 1.5 and 6 pb, at   confidence level, are obtained depending on the kinematic domain in which instantons could be produced. Compared to earlier publications, the limits are improved by an order of magnitude and for the first time are challenging predictions."
"The LHC collaborations ATLAS and CMS recently reported on the excess of the events in the diphoton final states at the invariant mass of about . In this article we speculate on the possibility that the excess arises from the neutral CP-even component of the scalar triplet of the model that has a charge equal to and acquires a vacuum expectation value larger than the electroweak symmetry breaking scale. The interactions of the scalar field with the photon and gluon pairs are mediated by the virtual vector-like fermions which appear as components of the anomaly-free chiral fermion representations of the gauge group."
"Jet multiplicity distributions in top quark pair () events are measured in pp collisions at a centre-of-mass energy of 8 TeV with the CMS detector at the LHC using a data set corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 19.7. The measurement is performed in the dilepton decay channels (, , and ). The absolute and normalized differential cross sections for production are measured as a function of the jet multiplicity in the event for different jet transverse momentum thresholds and the kinematic properties of the leading additional jets. The differential and cross sections are presented for the first time as a function of the kinematic properties of the leading additional jets. Furthermore, the fraction of events without additional jets above a threshold is measured as a function of the transverse momenta of the leading additional jets and the scalar sum of the transverse momenta of all additional jets. The data are compared and found to be consistent with predictions from several perturbative quantum chromodynamics event generators and a next-to-leading order calculation."
"The Hilbert space formulation of interacting vector-potentials stands is an interesting contrast with the point-local Krein space setting of gauge theory. Already in the absence of interactions the Wilson loop in a Hilbert space setting has a topological property which is missing in the gauge-theoretic description (Haag duality, Aharonov–Bohm effect); the conceptual differences increase in the presence of interactions. The Hilbert space positivity weakens the causal localization properties of interacting fields, which results in the replacement of the gauge-variant point-local matter fields in Krein space by string-local physical fields in Hilbert space. The gauge invariance of the perturbative S-matrix corresponds to its independence of the space-like string direction of its interpolating fields. In contrast to gauge theory, whose direct physical range is limited to a gauge-invariant perturbative S-matrix and local observables, its Hilbert space string-local counterpart is a full-fledged quantum field theory (QFT). The new setting reveals that the Lie structure of self-coupled vector mesons results from perturbative implementation of the causal localization principles of QFT."
"Most no-hair theorems involve the assumption that the scalar field is independent of time. Recently in Graham and Jha (Phys. Rev. D90: 041501, 2014) the existence of time-dependent scalar hair outside a stationary black hole in general relativity was ruled out. We generalize this work to modified gravities and non-minimally coupled scalar field with the additional assumption that the spacetime is axisymmetric. It is shown that in higher-order gravity such as metric &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity the time-dependent scalar hair does not exist. In Palatini &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity and the non-minimally coupled case the time-dependent scalar hair may exist."
"We construct a theory in which the gravitational interaction is described only by torsion, but that generalizes the teleparallel theory still keeping the invariance of local Lorentz transformations in one particular case. We show that our theory falls, in a certain limit of a real parameter, under gravity or, in another limit of the same real parameter, under modified &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity; on interpolating between these two theories it still can fall under several other theories. We explicitly show the equivalence with gravity for the cases of a Friedmann–Lemaître–Robertson–Walker flat metric for diagonal tetrads, and a metric with spherical symmetry for diagonal and non-diagonal tetrads. We study four applications, one in the reconstruction of the de Sitter universe cosmological model, for obtaining a static spherically symmetric solution of de Sitter type for a perfect fluid, for evolution of the state parameter , and for the thermodynamics of the apparent horizon."
"Event-shape observables measured using charged particles in inclusive &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt;-boson events are presented, using the electron and muon decay modes of the &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; bosons. The measurements are based on an integrated luminosity of of proton–proton collisions recorded by the ATLAS detector at the LHC at a centre-of-mass energy  . Charged-particle distributions, excluding the lepton–antilepton pair from the &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt;-boson decay, are measured in different ranges of transverse momentum of the &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; boson. Distributions include multiplicity, scalar sum of transverse momenta, beam thrust, transverse thrust, spherocity, and -parameter, which are in particular sensitive to properties of the underlying event at small values of the &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt;-boson transverse momentum. The measured observables are compared with predictions from Pythia 8, Sherpa, and Herwig 7. Typically, all three Monte Carlo generators provide predictions that are in better agreement with the data at high &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt;-boson transverse momenta than at low &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt;-boson transverse momenta, and for the observables that are less sensitive to the number of charged particles in the event."
"The total number of Hawking quanta emitted during the evaporation of a Schwarzschild black hole is proportional to the square of the initial mass or, equivalently, to the Bekenstein entropy. This simple, but little appreciated, fact is interpreted in terms of the recent discovery of black hole soft hair."
"Here we apply different types of embeddings of the equations of motion of the linearized “New Massive Gravity” in order to generate alternative and even higher-order (in derivatives) massive gravity theories in . In the first part of the work we use the Weyl symmetry as a guiding principle for the embeddings. First we show that a Noether gauge embedding of the Weyl symmetry leads to a sixth-order model in derivatives with either a massive or a massless ghost, according to the chosen overall sign of the theory. On the other hand, if the Weyl symmetry is implemented by means of a Stueckelberg field we obtain a new scalar–tensor model for massive gravitons. It is ghost-free and Weyl invariant at the linearized level around Minkowski space. The model can be nonlinearly completed into a scalar field coupled to the NMG theory. The elimination of the scalar field leads to a nonlocal modification of the NMG. In the second part of the work we prove to all orders in derivatives that there is no local, ghost-free embedding of the linearized NMG equations of motion around Minkowski space when written in terms of one symmetric tensor. Regarding that point, NMG differs from the Fierz–Pauli theory, since in the latter case we can replace the Einstein–Hilbert action by specific generalizations and still keep the theory ghost-free at the linearized level."
"Inclusive jet production in pPb collisions at a nucleon–nucleon (NN) center-of-mass energy of is studied with the CMS detector at the LHC. A data sample corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 30.1 nb is analyzed. The jet transverse momentum spectra are studied in seven pseudorapidity intervals covering the range in the NN center-of-mass frame. The jet production yields at forward and backward pseudorapidity are compared and no significant asymmetry about is observed in the measured kinematic range. The measurements in the pPb system are compared to reference jet spectra obtained by extrapolation from previous measurements in pp collisions at . In all pseudorapidity ranges, nuclear modifications in inclusive jet production are found to be small, as predicted by next-to-leading order perturbative QCD calculations that incorporate nuclear effects in the parton distribution functions."
"A search is presented for narrow heavy resonances X decaying into pairs of Higgs bosons () in proton-proton collisions collected by the CMS experiment at the LHC at . The data correspond to an integrated luminosity of 19.7. The search considers resonances with masses between 1 and 3, having final states of two b quark pairs. Each Higgs boson is produced with large momentum, and the hadronization products of the pair of b quarks can usually be reconstructed as single large jets. The background from multijet and events is significantly reduced by applying requirements related to the flavor of the jet, its mass, and its substructure. The signal would be identified as a peak on top of the dijet invariant mass spectrum of the remaining background events. No evidence is observed for such a signal. Upper limits obtained at 95 % confidence level for the product of the production cross section and branching fraction range from 10 to 1.5 for the mass of X from 1.15 to 2.0, significantly extending previous searches. For a warped extra dimension theory with a mass scale , the data exclude radion scalar masses between 1.15 and 1.55."
"Several experiments search for flavour change, for instance in , and . This paper studies how to translate these experimental constraints from low energy to a New Physics scale . A basis of QCD  QED-invariant operators (as appropriate below ) is reviewed, then run to with one-loop Renormalisation Group Equations (RGEs) of QCD and QED. At , these operators are matched onto SU(2)-invariant dimension-six operators, which can continue to run up with electroweak RGEs. As an example, the bound is translated to the scale &lt;i&gt;M&lt;i/&gt;, where it constrains two sums of operators. The constraints differ from those obtained in previous EFT analyses of , but they reproduce the expected bounds on flavour-changing interactions of the &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; and the Higgs, because the matching at is pragmatically performed to the loop order required to get the “leading” contribution."
"By analyzing 2.93 fb of data collected at GeV with the BESIII detector, we measure the absolute branching fraction , which is consistent with previous measurements within uncertainties but with significantly improved precision. Combining the Particle Data Group values of , , and the lifetimes of the and mesons with the value of measured in this work, we determine the following ratios of partial widths: and ."
"We compute the momentum-transfer dependence of the proton Pauli form factor in the Endpoint overlap Model. We find the model correctly reproduces the scaling of the ratio of with the Dirac form factor observed at the Jefferson Laboratory. The calculation uses the leading-power, leading-twist Dirac structure of the quark light-cone wave function and the same endpoint dependence previously determined from the Dirac form factor . There are no parameters and no adjustable functions in the Endpoint Model’s prediction for the scaling behavior of . The model’s predicted momentum dependence of the ratio is quite insensitive to the endpoint wave function, which explains why the observed ratio scales like 1 / &lt;i&gt;Q&lt;i/&gt; down to rather low momentum transfers. We also fit the magnitude of this ratio by adjusting the parameters of the wave function. The Endpoint Model appears to be the only comprehensive model consistent with all form factor information as well as reproducing fixed-angle proton–proton scattering at large momentum transfer. Any one of the processes is capable of predicting the others."
"In this review we discuss and compare the usage of simplified models and Effective Field Theory (EFT) approaches in dark matter searches. We provide a state of the art description on the subject of EFTs and simplified models, especially in the context of collider searches for dark matter, but also with implications for direct and indirect detection searches, with the aim of constituting a common language for future comparisons between different strategies. The material is presented in a form that is as self-contained as possible, so that it may serve as an introductory review for the newcomer as well as a reference guide for the practitioner."
"It is a long-standing question whether the confinement of matter fields in QCD has an imprint in the (gauge-dependent) correlation functions, especially the propagators. As the analytic structure plays an important role in this question, high-precision data is necessary for lattice investigations. Also, it is interesting how this depends on the dimensionality of the theory. To make a study over a wide range of parameters possible this suggests to use scalar particles. This is done here: The propagator of a fundamental scalar is studied in two, three, and four dimensions in quenched SU(2) Yang–Mills theory in minimal Landau gauge, both in momentum space and position space. Particular emphasis is put on the effects of renormalization. The results suggest a quite intricate volume dependence and the presence of an intrinsic mass scale, but no obvious connection to confinement."
"In this contribution we study the Klein–Gordon oscillator on the curved background within the Kaluza–Klein theory. The problem of the interaction between particles coupled harmonically with topological defects in Kaluza–Klein theory is studied. We consider a series of topological defects, then we treat the Klein–Gordon oscillator coupled to this background, and we find the energy levels and corresponding eigenfunctions in these cases. We show that the energy levels depend on the global parameters characterizing these spacetimes. We also investigate a quantum particle described by the Klein–Gordon oscillator interacting with a cosmic dislocation in Som–Raychaudhuri spacetime in the presence of homogeneous magnetic field in a Kaluza–Klein theory. In this case, the energy spectrum is determined, and we observe that these energy levels represent themselves as the sum of the terms related with Aharonov–Bohm flux and of the parameter associated to the rotation of the spacetime."
"The R&amp;D activity performed during the last years proved the potential of ZnSe scintillating bolometers to the search for neutrino-less double beta decay, motivating the realization of the first large-mass experiment based on this technology: CUPID-0. The isotopic enrichment in Se, the ZnSe crystals growth, as well as the light detectors production have been accomplished, and the experiment is now in construction at Laboratori Nazionali del Gran Sasso (Italy). In this paper we present the results obtained testing the first three ZnSe crystals operated as scintillating bolometers, and we prove that their performance in terms of energy resolution, background rejection capability and intrinsic radio-purity complies with the requirements of CUPID-0."
"We present a novel mechanism of supersymmetry breaking embeddable in string theory and simultaneously sharing the main advantages of (sequestered) gravity and gauge mediation. It is driven by a Scherk–Schwarz deformation along a compact extra dimension, transverse to a brane stack supporting the supersymmetric extension of the Standard Model. This fixes the magnitude of the gravitino mass, together with that of the gauginos of a bulk gauge group, at a scale as high as GeV. Supersymmetry breaking is mediated to the observable sector dominantly by gauge interactions using massive messengers transforming non-trivially under the bulk and Standard Model gauge groups and leading to a neutralino LSP as dark matter candidate. The Higgsino mass and soft Higgs-bilinear term could be generated at the same order of magnitude as the other soft terms by effective supergravity couplings as in the Giudice–Masiero mechanism."
NaN
"The problem of the timelike Pomeron coupling to light mesons and photons is considered in light of available data on high-energy meson–proton scattering. A possible correspondence of the resonance to the ground state of the Pomeron is argued."
"We calculate the fully-differential rate of the decays where , background to the semimuonic decays . The decays with a final state can have a sizable impact on the experimental analyses of the ratios and , depending on the event selection in the analysis. We outline a strategy which permits the extraction of from the neutrino-inclusive rate. Our analytic results can also be used to test both existing and upcoming experimental analyses. We further provide Monte Carlo samples of the 5D rate of the neutrino-inclusive decays ."
"We present a formalism to analyze the distribution produced by a Monte Carlo algorithm. We perform these analyses on several versions of the Sudakov veto algorithm, adding a cutoff, a second variable and competition between emission channels. The formal analysis allows us to prove that multiple, seemingly different competition algorithms, including those that are currently implemented in most parton showers, lead to the same result. Finally, we test their performance in a semi-realistic setting and show that there are significantly faster alternatives to the commonly used algorithms."
"We present an exploratory lattice study for the two-photon decay of using twisted mass lattice QCD gauge configurations generated by the European Twisted Mass Collaboration. Two different lattice spacings of fm and fm are used in the study, both of which are of physical size of 2 fm. The decay widths are found to be 1.025(5) KeV for the coarser lattice and 1.062(5) KeV for the finer lattice, respectively, where the errors are purely statistical. A naive extrapolation toward the continuum limit yields KeV, which is smaller than the previous quenched result and most of the current experimental results. Possible reasons are discussed."
"We analyze strong gravitational field time delay for photons coupled to the Weyl tensor in a Schwarzschild black hole. By making use of the method of strong deflection limit, we find that these time delays between relativistic images are significantly affected by polarization directions of such a coupling. A practical problem about determination of the polarization direction by observations is investigated. It is found that if the first and second relativistic images can be resolved, the measurement of time delay can more effectively improve detectability of the polarization direction."
"We have performed an exploratory study of bottom tetraquarks () in the diquark–antidiquark framework with the inclusion of spin hyperfine, spin–orbit and tensor components of the one gluon exchange interaction. Our focus here is on the (10890) and other exotic states in the bottom sector. We have predicted some of the bottom counterparts to the charm tetraquark candidates. Our present study shows that if and are diquark–diantiquark states then they have to be first radial excitations only and we have predicted the state as first radial excitation of tetraquark state (10.143–10.230). We have identified state with as being the analog of . The observation of the will provide a deeper insight into the exotic hadron spectroscopy and is helpful to unravel the nature of the states connected by the heavy quark symmetry. We particularly focus on the lowest P-wave states with by computing their leptonic, hadronic, and radiative decay widths to predict the status of the still controversial (10890) state. Apart from this, we have also shown here the possibility of mixing of P-wave states. In the case of mixing of the state with different spin multiplicities, we found that the predicted masses of the mixed P states differ from the (10890) state only by  MeV energy difference, which can be helpful to resolve further the structure of (10890)."
"The longstanding discrepancy between bubble chamber measurements of -induced single pion production channels has led to large uncertainties in pion production cross section parameters for many years. We extend the reanalysis of pion production data in deuterium bubble chambers where this discrepancy is solved (Wilkinson et al., PRD 90, 112017 2014) to include the and channels, and use the resulting data to fit the parameters of the GENIE pion production model. We find a set of parameters that can describe the bubble chamber data better than the GENIE default parameters, and provide updated central values and reduced uncertainties for use in neutrino oscillation and cross section analyses which use the GENIE model. We find that GENIE’s non-resonant background prediction has to be significantly reduced to fit the data, which may help to explain the recent discrepancies between simulation and data observed by the MINERA coherent pion and NOA oscillation analyses."
"Among the physics goals of LHC experiments, precision tests of the Standard Model in the Strong and Electroweak sectors play an important role. Because of nature of the proton-proton processes, observables based on the measurement of the direction and energy of leptons provide the most precise signatures. In the present paper, we concentrate on the angular distribution of Drell–Yan process leptons, in the lepton-pair rest-frame. The vector nature of the intermediate state imposes that distributions are to a good precision described by spherical polynomials of at most second order. We show that with the proper choice of the coordinate frames, only one coefficient in this polynomial decomposition remains sizable, even in the presence of one or two high jets. The necessary stochastic choice of the frames relies on probabilities independent from any coupling constants. This remains true when one or two partons accompany the lepton pairs. In this way electroweak effects can be better separated from strong interaction ones for the benefit of the interpretation of the measurements. Our study exploits properties of single gluon emission matrix elements which are clearly visible if a conveniently chosen form of their representation is used. We rely also on distributions obtained from matrix element based Monte Carlo generated samples of events with two leptons and up to two additional partons in test samples. Incoming colliding protons’ partons are distributed accordingly to PDFs and are strictly collinear to the corresponding beams."
"We study the renormalization flow of the Higgs potential as a function of both field amplitude and energy scale. This overcomes limitations of conventional techniques that rely, e.g., on an identification of field amplitude and RG scale, or on local field expansions. Using a Higgs–Yukawa model with discrete chiral symmetry as an example, our global flows in field space clarify the origin of possible metastabilities, the fate of the pseudo-stable phase, and provide new information as regards the renormalization of the tunnel barrier. Our results confirm the relaxation of the lower bound for the Higgs mass in the presence of more general microscopic interactions (higher-dimensional operators) to a high quantitative accuracy."
"We review the present status of the determination of parton distribution functions (PDFs) in the light of the precision requirements for the LHC in Run 2 and other future hadron colliders. We provide brief reviews of all currently available PDF sets and use them to compute cross sections for a number of benchmark processes, including Higgs boson production in gluon–gluon fusion at the LHC. We show that the differences in the predictions obtained with the various PDFs are due to particular theory assumptions made in the fits of those PDFs. We discuss PDF uncertainties in the kinematic region covered by the LHC and on averaging procedures for PDFs, such as advocated by the PDF4LHC15 sets, and provide recommendations for the usage of PDF sets for theory predictions at the LHC."
"High energy (CERN SPS and LHC) inelastic &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; () scattering is treated in the framework of the additive quark model together with Pomeron exchange theory. We extract the midrapidity inclusive density of the charged secondaries produced in a single quark–quark collision and investigate its energy dependence. Predictions for the collisions are presented."
"The differential cross section and charge asymmetry for inclusive production at are measured as a function of muon pseudorapidity. The data sample corresponds to an integrated luminosity of 18.8 recorded with the CMS detector at the LHC. These results provide important constraints on the parton distribution functions of the proton in the range of the Bjorken scaling variable &lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt; from to ."
"Tau lepton decays with up to two s in the final state – , , and – are used to study the performance of the barrel region of the silicon-tungsten electromagnetic calorimeter (Si-W ECAL) of the International Large Detector (ILD) at the future International Linear Collider. Correct reconstruction of the tau decay mode is crucial for constraining the spin state of tau lepton and measuring the Higgs boson CP state in decays. We find that about 95 % of , and 90 % of and decays produced by the process at an beam energy of 125 GeV are correctly reconstructed. In a smaller ILD detector, with the inner Si-W ECAL radius reduced by about 20 %, these efficiencies are reduced by at most 2 %. The mass resolution remains below 10 %. Since failures in tau lepton reconstruction are mainly due to photons, an increase of the ILD magnetic field from 3.5 to 4 T does not bring any significant improvement."
"We calculate the cross section of diffractive dijet photoproduction in &lt;i&gt;ep&lt;i/&gt; scattering at next-to-leading order (NLO) of perturbative QCD (pQCD), which we supplement by a model of factorization breaking for the resolved-photon contribution. In this model, the suppression depends on the flavor and momentum fraction of the partons in the photon. We show that within experimental and theoretical uncertainties, the resulting approach provides a good description of the available HERA data in most of the bins. Hence, taken together with the observation that NLO pQCD explains well the data on diffractive photoproduction of open charm in &lt;i&gt;ep&lt;i/&gt; scattering, our model of factorization breaking presents a viable alternative to the scheme based on the global suppression factor."
"We consider hadronic top quark pair production and pair production in association with a photon or a &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; boson to probe electroweak dipole couplings in , , and interactions. We demonstrate how measurements of these processes at the 13 TeV LHC can be combined to disentangle and constrain anomalous dipole operators. The construction of cross section ratios allows us to significantly reduce various uncertainties and exploit orthogonal sensitivity between the and couplings. In addition, we show that angular correlations in production can be used to constrain the remaining dipole operator. Our approach yields excellent sensitivity to the anomalous couplings and can be a further step toward precise and direct measurements of the top quark electroweak interactions."
NaN
"The leading hadronic contributions to the anomalous magnetic moments of the electron and the -lepton are determined by a four-flavour lattice QCD computation with twisted mass fermions. The results presented are based on the quark-connected contribution to the hadronic vacuum polarisation function. The continuum limit is taken and systematic uncertainties are quantified. Full agreement with results obtained by phenomenological analyses is found."
"Based on current CERN infrastructure, an electron–proton collider is proposed at a centre-of-mass energy of about 9 TeV. A 7 TeV LHC bunch is used as the proton driver to create a plasma wakefield which then accelerates electrons to 3 TeV, these then colliding with the other 7 TeV LHC proton beam. Although of very high energy, the collider has a modest projected integrated luminosity of 10–100 pb. For such a collider, with a centre-of-mass energy 30 times greater than HERA, parton momentum fractions, &lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt;, down to about are accessible for photon virtualities, , of 1 GeV. The energy dependence of hadronic cross sections at high energies, such as the total photon–proton cross section, which has synergy with cosmic-ray physics, can be measured and QCD and the structure of matter better understood in a region where the effects are completely unknown. Searches at high for physics beyond the Standard Model will be possible, in particular the significantly increased sensitivity to the production of leptoquarks. These and other physics highlights of a very high energy electron–proton collider are outlined."
"The exponential parameterization of the Pontecorvo–Maki–Nakagawa–Sakata mixing matrix for neutrinos is discussed. The exponential form allows easy factorization and separate analysis of the CP-violating and Majorana terms. Based upon the recent experimental data on the neutrino mixing, the values for the exponential parameterization matrix for neutrinos are determined. The matrix entries for the pure rotational part in charge of the mixing without CP violation are derived. The complementarity hypothesis for quarks and neutrinos is demonstrated. A comparison of the results based on most recent and on old data is presented. The CP-violating parameter value is estimated, based on the so far imprecise experimental indications, regarding CP violation for neutrinos. The unitarity of the exponential parameterization and the CP-violating term transform is confirmed. The transform of the neutrino mass state vector by the exponential matrix with account of CP violation is shown."
"In this paper we shall focus on the effects of concrete models such as the SM and 2HDM of type III on the polarized and unpolarized forward–backward asymmetries of and decays. The obtained results of these decay modes are compared to each other. Also, we obtain the minimum required number of events for detecting each asymmetry and compare it with the number of produced pairs at the LHC or supposed to be produced at the Super-LHC. At the end, we conclude that the study of these asymmetries for and processes are very effective tools for establishing new physics in the future B-physics experiments."
"Results are reported from a search for the pair production of top squarks, the supersymmetric partners of top quarks, in final states with jets and missing transverse momentum. The data sample used in this search was collected by the CMS detector and corresponds to an integrated luminosity of 18.9 of proton-proton collisions at a centre-of-mass energy of 8 produced by the LHC. The search features novel background suppression and prediction methods, including a dedicated top quark pair reconstruction algorithm. The data are found to be in agreement with the predicted backgrounds. Exclusion limits are set in simplified supersymmetry models with the top squark decaying to jets and an undetected neutralino, either through a top quark or through a bottom quark and chargino. Models with the top squark decaying via a top quark are excluded for top squark masses up to 755 in the case of neutralino masses below 200. For decays via a chargino, top squark masses up to 620 are excluded, depending on the masses of the chargino and neutralino."
NaN
"We obtain classes of black hole solutions constructed from multiplets of scalar fields in 2 + 1/3 + 1 dimensions. The multi-component scalars do not undergo a symmetry breaking so that only the isotropic modulus is effective. The Lagrangian is supplemented by a self-interacting potential which plays significant role in obtaining the exact solutions. In 2 + 1/3 + 1 dimensions, a doublet/triplet of scalars is effective, which enriches the available black hole spacetimes and creates useful Liouville weighted field theoretic models."
"In this paper we propose a scale invariant search strategy for hadronic top or bottom plus missing energy final states. We present a method which shows flat efficiencies and background rejection factors over broad ranges of parameters and masses. The resulting search can easily be recast into a limit on alternative models. We show the strength of the method in a natural SUSY setup where stop and sbottom squarks are pair produced and decay into hadronically decaying top quarks or bottom quarks and higgsinos."
"We consider a higher-derivative extension of QED modified by the addition of a gauge-invariant dimension-6 kinetic operator in the &lt;i&gt;U&lt;i/&gt;(1) gauge sector. The Feynman diagrams at one-loop level are then computed. The modification in the spin-1 sector leads the electron self-energy and vertex corrections diagrams finite in the ultraviolet regime. Indeed, no regularization prescription is used to calculate these diagrams because the modified propagator always occurs coupled to conserved currents. Moreover, besides the usual massless pole in the spin-1 sector, there is the emergence of a massive one, which becomes complex when computing the radiative corrections at one-loop order. This imaginary part defines the finite decay width of the massive mode. To check consistency, we also derive the decay length using the electron–positron elastic scattering and show that both results are equivalent. Because the presence of this unstable mode, the standard renormalization procedures cannot be used and is necessary adopt an appropriate framework to perform the perturbative renormalization. For this purpose, we apply the complex-mass shell scheme (CMS) to renormalize the aforementioned model. As an application of the formalism developed, we estimate a quantum bound on the massive parameter using the measurement of the electron anomalous magnetic moment and compute the Uehling potential. At the end, the renormalization group is analyzed."
"We investigate the invariant mass distributions of via different rescattering processes. The triangle singularity which appears in the rescattering amplitude may simulate the resonance-like bump around 5568 MeV. However, because the scattering is supposed to be weak, if the pertinent background is much larger, it would be hard to ascribe the observation of &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(5568) to rescattering effects."
"We study the semileptonic and nonleptonic decays of meson to &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt;-wave charmonia, namely, , , and . In our calculations, the instantaneous Bethe–Salpeter method is applied to obtain the hadronic matrix elements. This method includes relativistic corrections which are important especially for the higher orbital excited states. For the semileptonic decay channels with electron as the final lepton, we get the branching ratios , , and . The transition form factors, forward–backward asymmetries, and lepton spectra in these processes are also presented. For the nonleptonic decay channels, those with as the lighter meson have the largest branching ratios, , , and ."
"We study the decay of heavy sterile Majorana neutrinos according to the interactions obtained from an effective general theory. We describe the two- and three-body decays for a wide range of neutrino masses. The results obtained and presented in this work could be useful for the study of the production and detection of these particles in a variety of high energy physics experiments and astrophysical observations. We show in different figures the dominant branching ratios and the total decay width."
"We consider the impact of several flavour-changing observables in the &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt;- and the Kaon sectors on the parameter space of the NMSSM, in a minimal flavour violating version of this model. Our purpose consists in updating our previous results in [4] and designing an up-to-date flavour test for the public package NMSSMTools. We provide details concerning our implementation of the constraints in a series of brief reviews of the current status of the considered channels. Finally, we present a few consequences of these flavour constraints for the NMSSM, turning to two specific scenarios: one is characteristic of the MSSM-limit and illustrates the workings of charged-Higgs and genuinely supersymmetric contributions to flavour-changing processes; the second focus is a region where a light CP-odd Higgs is present. Strong limits are found whenever an enhancement factor – large , light , resonant pseudoscalar – comes into play."
"A measurement of the double-differential inclusive jet cross section as a function of jet transverse momentum and absolute jet rapidity is presented. The analysis is based on proton–proton collisions collected by the CMS experiment at the LHC at a centre-of-mass energy of 13. The data samples correspond to integrated luminosities of 71 and 44 for and , respectively. Jets are reconstructed with the anti- clustering algorithm for two jet sizes, &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, of 0.7 and 0.4, in a phase space region covering jet up to 2 and jet rapidity up to = 4.7. Predictions of perturbative quantum chromodynamics at next-to-leading order precision, complemented with electroweak and nonperturbative corrections, are used to compute the absolute scale and the shape of the inclusive jet cross section. The cross section difference in &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, when going to a smaller jet size of 0.4, is best described by Monte Carlo event generators with next-to-leading order predictions matched to parton showering, hadronisation, and multiparton interactions. In the phase space accessible with the new data, this measurement provides a first indication that jet physics is as well understood at as at smaller centre-of-mass energies."
"Despite their appealing features, models with gauge-mediated supersymmetry breaking (GMSB) typically present a high degree of fine-tuning, due to the initial absence of the top trilinear scalar couplings, . In this paper, we carefully evaluate such a tuning, showing that is worse than per mil in the minimal model. Then, we examine some existing proposals to generate term in this context. We find that, although the stops can be made lighter, usually the tuning does not improve (it may be even worse), with some exceptions, which involve the generation of at one loop or tree level. We examine both possibilities and propose a conceptually simplified version of the latter; which is arguably the optimum GMSB setup (with minimal matter content), concerning the fine-tuning issue. The resulting fine-tuning is better than one per mil, still severe but similar to other minimal supersymmetric standard model constructions. We also explore the so-called “little problem”, i.e. the fact that a large -term is normally accompanied by a similar or larger sfermion mass, which typically implies an increase in the fine-tuning. Finally, we find the version of GMSB for which this ratio is optimized, which, nevertheless, does not minimize the fine-tuning."
"Modified gravity theories have the potential of explaining the recent acceleration of the Universe without resorting to the mysterious concept of dark energy. In particular, it has been pointed out that matter–geometry coupling may be responsible for the recent cosmological dynamics of the Universe, and matter itself may play a more fundamental role in the description of the gravitational processes that usually assumed. In the present paper we study the quantum cosmology of the &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) theory of gravity, in which the effective Lagrangian of the gravitational field is given by an arbitrary function of the Ricci scalar, and the trace of the matter energy-momentum tensor, respectively. For the background geometry we adopt the Friedmann–Robertson–Walker metric, and we assume that matter content of the Universe consists of a perfect fluid. In this framework we obtain the general form of the gravitational Hamiltonian, of the quantum potential, and of the canonical momenta, respectively. This allows us to formulate the full Wheeler–de Witt equation describing the quantum properties of this modified gravity model. As a specific application we consider in detail the quantum cosmology of the model, in which is an arbitrary function of the Ricci scalar, and is a function of the scale factor only. The Hamiltonian form of the equations of motion, and the Wheeler–de Witt equations are obtained, and a time parameter for the corresponding dynamical system is identified, which allows one to formulate the Schrödinger–Wheeler–de Witt equation for the quantum-mechanical description of the model under consideration. A perturbative approach for the study of this equation is developed, and the energy levels of the Universe are obtained by using a twofold degenerate perturbation approach. A second quantization approach for the description of quantum time is also proposed and briefly discussed."
"Recently the proof of the factorization in heavy quarkonium production in the NRQCD color octet mechanism is given at next-to-next-to-leading order (NNLO) in the coupling constant by using diagrammatic method of QCD. In this paper we prove factorization in heavy quarkonium production in the NRQCD color octet mechanism at all orders in the coupling constant by using the path integral method of QCD. Our proof is valid to all powers in the relative velocity of the heavy quark. We find that the gauge invariance and the factorization at all orders in the coupling constant require gauge-completed non-perturbative NRQCD matrix elements that were introduced previously to prove factorization at NNLO."
"The particle creation by the so-called peak electric field is considered. The latter field is a combination of two exponential parts, one exponentially increasing and another exponentially decreasing. We find exact solutions of the Dirac equation with the field under consideration with appropriate asymptotic conditions and calculate all the characteristics of particle creation effect, in particular, differential mean numbers of created particle, total number of created particles, and the probability for a vacuum to remain a vacuum. Characteristic asymptotic regimes are discussed in detail and a comparison with the pure asymptotically decaying field is considered."
"The hidden-charm pentaquark observed recently by the LHCb collaboration may be of molecular nature, as advocated by some unitary approaches that also predict pentaquark partners in the strangeness sector. In this work we argue that a hidden-charm strange pentaquark could be seen from the decay of the , just as in the case of the non-strange , but looking into the decay mode and forming the invariant mass spectrum of pairs. In the model presented here, which assumes a standard weak decay topology and incorporates the hadronization process and final-state interaction effects, we find the final states to be populated with similar strength as the states employed for the observation of the non-strange pentaquark. This makes the decay to be an interesting process to observe a possible strange partner of the . We study the dependence of the mass spectra on various model ingredients and on the unknown properties of the strange pentaquark."
"We present a study of the application of the Jagiellonian positron emission tomograph (J-PET) for the registration of gamma quanta from decays of ortho-positronium (o-Ps). The J-PET is the first positron emission tomography scanner based on organic scintillators in contrast to all current PET scanners based on inorganic crystals. Monte Carlo simulations show that the J-PET as an axially symmetric and high acceptance scanner can be used as a multi-purpose detector well suited to pursue research including e.g. tests of discrete symmetries in decays of ortho-positronium in addition to the medical imaging. The gamma quanta originating from o-Ps decay interact in the plastic scintillators predominantly via the Compton effect, making the direct measurement of their energy impossible. Nevertheless, it is shown in this paper that the J-PET scanner will enable studies of the decays with angular and energy resolution equal to and , respectively. An order of magnitude shorter decay time of signals from plastic scintillators with respect to the inorganic crystals results not only in better timing properties crucial for the reduction of physical and instrumental background, but also suppresses significantly the pile-ups, thus enabling compensation of the lower efficiency of the plastic scintillators by performing measurements with higher positron source activities."
"In this work, we explore wormhole solutions in &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) theory of gravity, where &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt; is the scalar curvature and &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt; is the trace of stress-energy tensor of matter. To investigate this, we consider a static spherically symmetric geometry with matter contents as anisotropic, isotropic, and barotropic fluids in three separate cases. By taking into account the Starobinsky &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) model, we analyze the behavior of energy conditions for these different kinds of fluids. It is shown that the wormhole solutions can be constructed without exotic matter in few regions of space-time. We also give the graphical illustration of the results obtained and discuss the equilibrium picture for the anisotropic case only. It is concluded that the wormhole solutions with anisotropic matter are realistic and stable in this theory of gravity."
"In this paper the compatibility is analyzed of the non-perturbative equations of state of quarks and gluons arising from the lattice with some natural requirements for self-gravitating objects at equilibrium: the existence of an equation of state (namely, the possibility to define the pressure as a function of the energy density), the absence of superluminal propagation and Le Chatelier’s principle. It is discussed under which conditions it is possible to extract an equation of state (in the above sense) from the non-perturbative propagators arising from the fits of the latest lattice data. In the quark case, there is a small but non-vanishing range of temperatures in which it is not possible to define a single-valued functional relation between density and pressure. Interestingly enough, a small change of the parameters appearing in the fit of the lattice quark propagator (of around 10 %) could guarantee the fulfillment of all the three conditions (keeping alive, at the same time, the violation of positivity of the spectral representation, which is the expected signal of confinement). As far as gluons are concerned, the analysis shows very similar results. Whether or not the non-perturbative quark and gluon propagators satisfy these conditions can have a strong impact on the estimate of the maximal mass of quark stars."
"A search for singly produced vector-like &lt;i&gt;Q&lt;i/&gt; quarks, where &lt;i&gt;Q&lt;i/&gt; can be either a &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt; quark with charge or a &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt; quark with charge , is performed in proton–proton collisions recorded with the ATLAS detector at the LHC. The dataset corresponds to an integrated luminosity of 20.3 fb and was produced with a centre-of-mass energy of  TeV. This analysis targets decays where the &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; boson decays leptonically. A veto on massive large-radius jets is used to reject the dominant background. The reconstructed &lt;i&gt;Q&lt;i/&gt;-candidate mass, ranging from 0.4 to 1.2 TeV, is used in the search to discriminate signal from background processes. No significant deviation from the Standard Model expectation is observed, and limits are set on the cross-section times branching ratio. The results are also interpreted as limits on the &lt;i&gt;QWb&lt;i/&gt; coupling and the mixing with the Standard Model sector for a singlet &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt; quark or a &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt; quark from a doublet. &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt; quarks with masses below 0.95 TeV are excluded at 95 % confidence level, assuming a unit coupling and a BR, whereas the expected limit is 1.10 TeV."
"The R&amp;D project COSINUS (Cryogenic Observatory for SIgnatures seen in Next-generation Underground Searches) aims to develop a cryogenic scintillating calorimeter using an undoped NaI-crystal as target for direct dark matter search. Dark matter particles interacting with the detector material generate both a phonon signal and scintillation light. While the phonon signal provides a precise determination of the deposited energy, the simultaneously measured scintillation light allows for particle identification on an event-by-event basis, a powerful tool to study material-dependent interactions, and to suppress backgrounds. Using the same target material as the DAMA/LIBRA collaboration, the COSINUS technique may offer a unique possibility to investigate and contribute information to the presently controversial situation in the dark matter sector. We report on the dedicated design planned for the NaI proof-of-principle detector and the objectives of using this detection technique in the light of direct dark matter detection."
"We evaluate the impact of radiative corrections in the ratios when the meson &lt;i&gt;M&lt;i/&gt; is a &lt;i&gt;K&lt;i/&gt; or a . Employing the cuts on and the reconstructed &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt;-meson mass presently applied by the LHCb Collaboration, such corrections do not exceed a few . Moreover, their effect is well described (and corrected for) by existing Monte Carlo codes. Our analysis reinforces the interest of these observables as clean probe of physics beyond the Standard Model."
"A search for new physics is performed using events with two isolated same-sign leptons, two or more jets, and missing transverse momentum. The results are based on a sample of proton–proton collisions at a center-of-mass energy of 13 recorded with the CMS detector at the LHC, corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 2.3 . Multiple search regions are defined by classifying events in terms of missing transverse momentum, the scalar sum of jet transverse momenta, the transverse mass associated with a boson candidate, the number of jets, the number of quark jets, and the transverse momenta of the leptons in the event. The analysis is sensitive to a wide variety of possible signals beyond the standard model. No excess above the standard model background expectation is observed. Constraints are set on various supersymmetric models, with gluinos and bottom squarks excluded for masses up to 1300 and 680, respectively, at the 95 % confidence level. Upper limits on the cross sections for the production of two top quark-antiquark pairs (119) and two same-sign top quarks (1.7) are also obtained. Selection efficiencies and model independent limits are provided to allow further interpretations of the results."
"We study the conditions of restoring supersymmetry (SUSY) after inflation in the supergravity-based cosmological models with a single chiral superfield and a quartic stabilization term in the Kähler potential. Some new, explicit, and viable inflationary models satisfying those conditions are found. The inflaton’s scalar superpartner is dynamically stabilized during and after inflation. We also demonstrate a possibility of having small and adjustable SUSY breaking with a tiny cosmological constant."
"We develop a Bloch vector representation of the Unruh channel for a Dirac field mode. This is used to provide a unified, analytical treatment of quantum Fisher and skew information for a qubit subjected to the Unruh channel, both in its pure form as well as in the presence of experimentally relevant external noise channels. The time evolution of Fisher and skew information is studied along with the impact of external environment parameters such as temperature and squeezing. The external noises are modelled by both purely dephasing phase damping and the squeezed generalised amplitude damping channels. An interesting interplay between the external reservoir temperature and squeezing on the Fisher and skew information is observed, in particular, for the action of the squeezed generalised amplitude damping channel. It is seen that for some regimes, squeezing can enhance the quantum information against the deteriorating influence of the ambient environment. Similar features are also observed for the analogous study of skew information, highlighting a similar origin of the Fisher and skew information."
"Newton–Cartan geometry has played a central role in recent discussions of the non-relativistic holography and condensed matter systems. Although the conformal transformation in non-relativistic holography can easily be rephrased in terms of Newton–Cartan geometry, we show that it requires a nontrivial procedure to arrive at the consistent form of anisotropic disformal transformation in this geometry. Furthermore, as an application of the newly obtained transformation, we use it to induce a geometric structure which may be seen as a particular non-relativistic version of the Weyl integrable geometry."
"The proton charge radius inferred from muonic hydrogen spectroscopy is not compatible with the previous value given by CODATA-2010, which, on its turn, essentially relies on measurements of the electron–proton interaction. The proton’s new size was extracted from the 2S–2P Lamb shift in the muonic hydrogen, which showed an energy excess of 0.3 meV in comparison to the theoretical prediction, evaluated with the CODATA radius. Higher-dimensional gravity is a candidate to explain this discrepancy, since the muon–proton gravitational interaction is stronger than the electron–proton interaction and, in the context of braneworld models, the gravitational potential can be hugely amplified in short distances when compared to the Newtonian potential. Motivated by these ideas, we study a muonic hydrogen confined in a thick brane. We show that the muon–proton gravitational interaction modified by extra dimensions can provide the additional separation of 0.3 meV between the 2S and 2P states. In this scenario, the gravitational energy depends on the higher-dimensional Planck mass and indirectly on the brane thickness. Studying the behavior of the gravitational energy with respect to the brane thickness in a realistic range, we find constraints for the fundamental Planck mass that solve the proton radius puzzle and are consistent with previous experimental bounds."
"The final results of the search for the lepton flavour violating decay based on the full dataset collected by the MEG experiment at the Paul Scherrer Institut in the period 2009–2013 and totalling stopped muons on target are presented. No significant excess of events is observed in the dataset with respect to the expected background and a new upper limit on the branching ratio of this decay of (90 % confidence level) is established, which represents the most stringent limit on the existence of this decay to date."
"Integrable &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt;-particle systems have an important property that the associated Seiberg–Witten prepotentials satisfy the WDVV equations. However, this does not apply to the most interesting class of elliptic and double-elliptic systems. Studying the commutativity conjecture for theta functions on the families of associated spectral curves, we derive some other non-linear equations for the perturbative Seiberg–Witten prepotential, which turn out to have exactly the double-elliptic system as their generic solution. In contrast with the WDVV equations, the new equations acquire non-perturbative corrections which are straightforwardly deducible from the commutativity conditions. We obtain such corrections in the first non-trivial case of and describe the structure of non-perturbative solutions as expansions in powers of the flat moduli with coefficients that are (quasi)modular forms of the elliptic parameter."
"Over the past years, the interpretation of measurements in the context of effective field theories has attracted much attention in the field of particle physics. We present a tool for interpreting sets of measurements in such models using a Bayesian ansatz by calculating the posterior probabilities of the corresponding free parameters numerically. An example is given, in which top-quark measurements are used to constrain anomalous couplings at the &lt;i&gt;Wtb&lt;i/&gt;-vertex."
"A -dimensional gravitational model with Gauss–Bonnet term and a cosmological constant term is considered. When ansatz with diagonal cosmological metrics is adopted, the solutions with an exponential dependence of the scale factors, , , are analyzed for . We study the stability of the solutions with non-static volume factor, i.e. if . We prove that under a certain restriction &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt; imposed solutions with are stable, while solutions with are unstable. Certain examples of stable solutions are presented. We show that the solutions with and zero variation of the effective gravitational constant are stable if the restriction &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt; is obeyed."
"In this paper we argue that minimal supergravity with a flat Kähler metric and a power-law superpotential can relate the Super-Higgs mechanism for the local spontaneous supersymmetry breaking and the cosmological tracking solution, leading in turn to a late-time accelerated expansion of the universe and alleviating the coincidence problem."
"A large effort has been carried out to characterize the background of sodium iodide crystals within the Annual modulation with NaI Scintillators (ANAIS) project. In this paper, the background models developed for three 12.5 kg NaI(Tl) scintillators produced by Alpha Spectra Inc. and operated at the Canfranc Underground Laboratory are presented together with an evaluation of the background prospects for the full experiment. Measured spectra from threshold to high energy in different conditions are well described by the models based on quantified activities. At the region of interest, crystal bulk contamination is the dominant background source. Contributions from Pb, K, Na and H are the most relevant. Those from K and Na could be efficiently suppressed thanks to anticoincidence operation in a crystals matrix or inside a liquid scintillator veto (LSV), while that from Pb has been reduced by improving crystal production methods and H production could be reduced by shielding against cosmic rays during production. Assuming the activities of the last characterized detector, for nine crystals with a total mass of 112.5 kg the expected background rate is 2.5 counts/(keV kg day) in the region from 1 to 4 keV, which could be reduced at 1.4 counts/(keV kg day) by using a LSV."
"We calculate the cross sections of electromagnetic productions of muon- and tauon-pair productions from the ultra-relativistic heavy ion collisions. Since the Compton wavelengths of muon and tauon are comparable to the radius of the colliding ions, nuclear form factors play important roles for calculating the cross sections. Recent measurement (Abrahamyan et al., Phys Rev Lett 108:112502, 2012) indicates that the neutrons are differently distributed from the protons; therefore this affects the cross section of the heavy-lepton pair production. In order to see the effects of the neutron distributions in the nucleus, we used analytical expression of the Fourier transforms of the Wood–Saxon distribution. Cross section calculations show that the Wood–Saxon distribution function is more sensitive to the parameter &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt; compared to the parameter &lt;i&gt;a&lt;i/&gt;."
"In this article, we assume that the nonet scalar mesons below are the two-quark–tetraquark mixed states and study their masses and pole residues using the QCD sum rules. In the calculation, we take into account the vacuum condensates up to dimension 10 and the corrections to the perturbative terms in the operator product expansion. We determine the mixing angles, which indicate the two-quark components are much larger than , then we obtain the masses and pole residues of the nonet scalar mesons."
"Two major problems, still associated with the SN1987A, are: (a) the signals observed with the gravitational waves detectors, (b) the duration of the collapse. Indeed, (a) the sensitivity of the gravitational wave detectors seems to be small for detecting gravitational waves and, (b) while some experimental data indicate a duration of order of hours, most theories assume that the collapse develops in a few seconds. Since recent data of the X-ray NuSTAR satellite show a clear evidence of an asymmetric collapse, we have revisited the experimental data recorded by the underground and gravitational wave detectors running during the SN1987A. New evidence is shown that confirms previous results, namely that the data recorded by the gravitational wave detectors running in Rome and in Maryland are strongly correlated with the data of both the Mont Blanc and the Kamiokande detectors, and that the correlation extends over a long period of time (1 or 2 h) centered at the Mont Blanc time. This result indicates that also Kamiokande detected neutrinos at the Mont Blanc time, and these interactions were not identified because not grouped in a burst."
"In this short paper we investigate quantum gravitational effects on Einstein’s equations using Effective Field Theory techniques. We consider the leading order quantum gravitational correction to the wave equation. Besides the usual massless mode, we find a pair of modes with complex masses. These massive particles have a width and could thus lead to a damping of gravitational waves if excited in violent astrophysical processes producing gravitational waves such as e.g. black hole mergers. We discuss the consequences for gravitational wave events such as GW 150914 recently observed by the Advanced LIGO collaboration."
"A remarkable feature of Schur functions—the common eigenfunctions of cut-and-join operators from —is that they factorize at the peculiar two-parametric topological locus in the space of time variables, which is known as the hook formula for quantum dimensions of representations of and which plays a big role in various applications. This factorization survives at the level of Macdonald polynomials. We look for its further generalization to generalized Macdonald polynomials (GMPs), associated in the same way with the toroidal Ding–Iohara–Miki algebras, which play the central role in modern studies in Seiberg-Witten–Nekrasov theory. In the simplest case of the first-coproduct eigenfunctions, where GMP depend on just two sets of time variables, we discover a weak factorization—on a one- (rather than four-) parametric slice of the topological locus, which is already a very non-trivial property, calling for proof and better understanding."
"In search of the extra dimensions in the ongoing LHC experiments, the signatures of the Randall–Sundrum (RS) lightest KK graviton have been in the main focus in recent years. The recent data from the dilepton decay channel at the LHC has determined the experimental lower bound on the mass of the RS lightest Kaluza–Klein (KK) graviton for different choices of the underlying parameters of the theory. In this work we explore the effects of the back-reaction of the bulk scalar field, which is employed to stabilise the RS model, in modifying the couplings of the lightest KK graviton with the standard model matter fields located on the visible brane. In such a modified background geometry we show that the coupling of the lightest KK graviton with the SM matter fields gets a significant suppression due to the inclusion of the back-reaction of the bulk stabilising scalar field. This implies that the back-reaction parameter weakens the signals from the RS scenario in collider experiments, which in turn explains the non-visibility of KK graviton in colliders. Thus we show that the modulus stabilisation plays a crucial role in the search of warped extra dimensions in collider experiments."
"Dark energy is investigated from the perspective of quantum cosmology. It is found that, together with an appropriate normal ordering factor &lt;i&gt;q&lt;i/&gt;, only when there is dark energy can the cosmological wave function be normalized. This interesting observation may require further attention."
"We investigate the possibility of searching the lepton-flavor-violating (LFV) rare decay at the Super Charm-Tau Factory (CTF). By comparing the kinematic distributions of the LFV signal and the standard model background, we develop an optimized event selection criterion which can significantly reduce the background events. It is concluded that the new upper limit of about on can be obtained at the CTF, which is beyond the capability of Super-B factory in searching lepton rare decay. Within the framework of the scalar leptoquark model, a joint constraint on and can be derived from the upper bound on . With data expected at the CTF, we get and at confidence level."
"We investigate the cosmological implications of modified gravities induced by the quantum fluctuations of the gravitational metric. If the metric can be decomposed as the sum of the classical and of a fluctuating part, of quantum origin, then the corresponding Einstein quantum gravity generates at the classical level modified gravity models with a non-minimal coupling between geometry and matter. As a first step in our study, after assuming that the expectation value of the quantum correction can be generally expressed in terms of an arbitrary second order tensor constructed from the metric and from the thermodynamic quantities characterizing the matter content of the Universe, we derive the (classical) gravitational field equations in their general form. We analyze in detail the cosmological models obtained by assuming that the quantum correction tensor is given by the coupling of a scalar field and of a scalar function to the metric tensor, and by a term proportional to the matter energy-momentum tensor. For each considered model we obtain the gravitational field equations, and the generalized Friedmann equations for the case of a flat homogeneous and isotropic geometry. In some of these models the divergence of the matter energy-momentum tensor is non-zero, indicating a process of matter creation, which corresponds to an irreversible energy flow from the gravitational field to the matter fluid, and which is direct consequence of the non-minimal curvature-matter coupling. The cosmological evolution equations of these modified gravity models induced by the quantum fluctuations of the metric are investigated in detail by using both analytical and numerical methods, and it is shown that a large variety of cosmological models can be constructed, which, depending on the numerical values of the model parameters, can exhibit both accelerating and decelerating behaviors."
"We calculate the squeezed back-to-back correlation (BBC) functions of and for heavy-ion collisions at RHIC and LHC energies, using ()-dimensional hydrodynamics with fluctuating initial conditions. The BBC functions averaged over event-by-event calculations for many events for the hydrodynamic sources are smoothed as a function of the particle momentum. For heavy-ion collisions of Au  Au at  GeV, the BBC functions are larger than those for collisions of Pb  Pb at  TeV. The BBC of may possibly be observed in peripheral collisions at the RHIC and LHC energies. It is large for the smaller sources of Cu  Cu collisions at  GeV."
"In this work we investigate the transition from kinks to compactons at high temperatures. We deal with a family of models, described by a real scalar field with standard kinematics, controlled by a single parameter, real and positive. The family of models supports kink-like solutions, and the solutions tend to become compact when the parameter increases to larger and larger values. We study the one-loop corrections at finite temperature, to see how the thermal effects add to the effective potential. The results suggest that the symmetry is restored at very high temperatures."
"We present a complete study of the associated production of the meson with light hadrons in collisions at the B-factory energy, which is demonstrated to be one of the best laboratories for testing the colour-octet (CO) mechanism. The colour-singlet contributions are evaluated up to , while the CO ones are evaluated up to . For the first time, the angular distribution of the production is studied at QCD next-to-leading order. We find that the channel dominates the total cross section, while the one exhibits its importance in the angular distribution, which turns out to be downward going with respect to . This can be considered as the most distinct signal for the CO mechanism."
"A search has been made for supersymmetry in a final state containing two photons and missing transverse momentum using the ATLAS detector at the Large Hadron Collider. The search makes use of of proton-proton collision data collected at a centre-of-mass energy of 13 TeV in 2015. Using a combination of data-driven and Monte-Carlo-based approaches, the Standard Model background is estimated to be events. No events are observed in the signal region; considering the expected background and its uncertainty, this observation implies a model-independent 95 % CL upper limit of 0.93 fb (3.0 events) on the visible cross section due to physics beyond the Standard Model. In the context of a generalized model of gauge-mediated supersymmetry breaking with a bino-like next-to-lightest supersymmetric particle, this leads to a lower limit of 1650 GeV on the mass of a degenerate octet of gluino states, independent of the mass of the lighter bino-like neutralino."
"The hints for a new resonance at 750 GeV from ATLAS and CMS have triggered a significant amount of attention. Since the simplest extensions of the standard model cannot accommodate the observation, many alternatives have been considered to explain the excess. Here we focus on several proposed renormalisable weakly-coupled models and revisit results given in the literature. We point out that physically important subtleties are often missed or neglected. To facilitate the study of the excess we have created a collection of 40 model files, selected from recent literature, for the Mathematica package SARAH. With SARAH one can generate files to perform numerical studies using the tailor-made spectrum generators FlexibleSUSY and SPheno. These have been extended to automatically include crucial higher order corrections to the diphoton and digluon decay rates for both CP-even and CP-odd scalars. Additionally, we have extended the UFO and CalcHep interfaces of SARAH, to pass the precise information about the effective vertices from the spectrum generator to a Monte-Carlo tool. Finally, as an example to demonstrate the power of the entire setup, we present a new supersymmetric model that accommodates the diphoton excess, explicitly demonstrating how a large width can be obtained. We explicitly show several steps in detail to elucidate the use of these public tools in the precision study of this model."
"The conventional seesaw-leptogenesis can simultaneously explain the suppression of neutrino masses and the generation of cosmic baryon asymmetry, but usually it cannot predict an unambiguous relation between these two sectors. In this work we shall demonstrate a novel left–right symmetric scenario, motivated to solve the strong CP problem by parity symmetry, where the present baryon asymmetry is well described by three charged lepton masses and a seesaw-suppressed hermitian Dirac neutrino mass matrix. To produce the observed baryon asymmetry, this scenario requires that the neutrinos must have a normal hierarchical mass spectrum and their mixing matrix must contain a sizable Dirac CP phase. Our model can be tested in neutrino oscillation and neutrinoless double beta decay experiments."
"We discuss exotic Higgs decays in an effective field theory where the Standard Model is extended by dimension-6 operators. We review and update the status of two-body lepton- and quark-flavor-violating decays involving the Higgs boson. We also comment on the possibility of observing three-body flavor-violating Higgs decays in this context."
"A study of the decays and has been performed using data corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 25 fb of 7 and 8 TeV proton–proton collisions collected with the ATLAS detector during the LHC Run 1. For the dimuon decay, an upper limit on the branching fraction is set at at 95 % confidence level. For , the branching fraction is measured. The results are consistent with the Standard Model expectation with a &lt;i&gt;p&lt;i/&gt; value of 4.8 %, corresponding to 2.0 standard deviations."
"In the spacetime induced by a &lt;i&gt;rotating&lt;i/&gt; cosmic string we compute the energy levels of a massive spinless particle coupled covariantly to a homogeneous magnetic field parallel to the string. Afterwards, we consider the addition of a scalar potential with a Coulomb-type and a linear confining term and completely solve the Klein–Gordon equations for each configuration. Finally, assuming rigid-wall boundary conditions, we find the Landau levels when the linear defect is itself magnetized. Remarkably, our analysis reveals that the Landau quantization occurs even in the absence of gauge fields provided the string is endowed with spin."
"We study spacetime singularities in a general five-dimensional braneworld with curved branes satisfying four-dimensional maximal symmetry. The bulk is supported by an analog of perfect fluid with the time replaced by the extra coordinate. We show that contrary to the existence of finite-distance singularities from the brane location in any solution with flat (Minkowski) branes, in the case of curved branes there are singularity-free solutions for a range of equations of state compatible with the null energy condition."
"We study the general formalism of polytropes in the relativistic regime with generalized polytropic equations of state in the vicinity of cylindrical symmetry. We take a charged anisotropic fluid distribution of matter with a conformally flat condition for the development of a general framework of the polytropes. We discuss the stability of the model by the Whittaker formula and conclude that one of the models developed is physically viable."
"In this paper, we study the properties of the twist-3 distribution amplitude (DA) of the heavy pseudoscalars such as , , and . New sum rules for the twist-3 DA moments and up to sixth order and up to dimension-six condensates are deduced under the framework of the background field theory. Based on the sum rules for the twist-3 DA moments, we construct a new model for the two twist-3 DAs of the heavy pseudoscalar with the help of the Brodsky–Huang–Lepage prescription. Furthermore, we apply them to the transition form factor () within the light-cone sum rules approach, and the results are comparable with other approaches. It has been found that the twist-3 DAs and are important for a reliable prediction of . For example, at the maximum recoil region, we have , in which those two twist-3 terms provide and contributions. Also we calculate the branching ratio of the semi-leptonic decay as ."
"We claim that the anti-relativistic statement in de Sangro et al. (Eur Phys J C 75:137, 2015) that the Coulomb field of a moving charge propagates rigidly with it, cannot as a matter of fact be inferred from the measurements reported in that reference. Registered is not the passing of the Coulomb disk, but the acceleration-dependent part of the Liénard–Wiechert field."
"We discuss the consequences of possible sign changes of the &lt;i&gt;Q&lt;i/&gt;-function which measures the transfer of energy between dark energy and dark matter. We investigate this scenario from a holographic perspective by modeling dark energy by a linear parametrization and CPL-parametrization of the equation of state (). By imposing the strong constraint of the second law of thermodynamics, we show that the change of sign for &lt;i&gt;Q&lt;i/&gt;, due to the cosmic evolution, imply changes in the temperatures of dark energy and dark matter. We also discuss the phase transitions, in the past and future, experienced by dark energy and dark matter (or, equivalently, the sign changes of their heat capacities)."
"We try to reconcile the tension between the local 2.4 % determination of Hubble constant and its global determination by &lt;i&gt;Planck&lt;i/&gt; CMB data and BAO data through modeling the dark energy variously. We find that the chi-square is significantly reduced by in the redshift-binned dark energy model where the limits of the equation of state of dark energy read , , and here is fixed to ."
"The Schrödinger equation of the spherically symmetrical quantum models such as the hydrogen atom problem seems to be analytically non-solvable in higher dimensions. When we try compactifying one or several dimensions this question can maybe solved. This paper presents a study of the spherically symmetrical quantum models on noncommutative spacetime with compactified extra dimensions. We provide analytically the resulting spectrum of the hydrogen atom and Yukawa problem in dimensional noncommutative spacetime in the first order approximation of the noncommutative parameter. The case of higher dimensions is also discussed."
"We re-analyze the Olesen arguments on the self-similarity properties of freely evolving, nonhelical magnetohydrodynamic turbulence. We find that a necessary and sufficient condition for the kinetic and magnetic energy spectra to evolve self-similarly is that the initial velocity and magnetic field are not homogeneous functions of space of different degree, to wit, the initial energy spectra are not simple powers of the wavenumber with different slopes. If, instead, they are homogeneous functions of the same degree, the evolution is self-similar, it proceeds through selective decay, and the order of homogeneity fixes the exponents of the power laws according to which the kinetic and magnetic energies and correlation lengths evolve in time. If just one of them is homogeneous, the evolution is self-similar and such exponents are completely determined by the slope of that initial spectrum which is a power law. The latter evolves through selective decay, while the other spectrum may eventually experience an inverse transfer of energy. Finally, if the initial velocity and magnetic field are not homogeneous functions, the evolution of the energy spectra is still self-similar but, this time, the power-law exponents of energies and correlation lengths depend on a single free parameter which cannot be determined by scaling arguments. Also, in this case, an inverse transfer of energy may in principle take place during the evolution of the system."
"I propose the first multiscalar singlet extension of the standard model (SM), which generates tree level top quark and exotic fermion masses as well as one and three loop level masses for charged fermions lighter than the top quark and for light active neutrinos, respectively, without invoking electrically charged scalar fields. That model, which is based on the discrete symmetry, successfully explains the observed SM fermion mass and mixing pattern. The charged exotic fermions induce one loop level masses for charged fermions lighter than the top quark. The charged scalar singlet generates the observed charged fermion mass and quark mixing pattern."
"Measurements of distributions of charged particles produced in proton–proton collisions with a centre-of-mass energy of 13 TeV are presented. The data were recorded by the ATLAS detector at the LHC and correspond to an integrated luminosity of 151 µb&lt;sup&gt;-1&lt;sup/&gt;. The particles are required to have a transverse momentum greater than 100 MeV and an absolute pseudorapidity less than 2.5. The charged-particle multiplicity, its dependence on transverse momentum and pseudorapidity and the dependence of the mean transverse momentum on multiplicity are measured in events containing at least two charged particles satisfying the above kinematic criteria. The results are corrected for detector effects and compared to the predictions from several Monte Carlo event generators."
"We evaluate the LHC’s potential of observing Higgs boson decays into light elementary or composite resonances through their hadronic decay channels. We focus on the Higgs boson production processes with the largest cross sections, and , with subsequent decays or , and comment on the production process . By exploiting track-based jet substructure observables and extrapolating to we find at 95 % CL. We interpret this limit in terms of the 2HDM Type 1. We find that searches for are complementary to existing measurements and can constrain large parts of the currently allowed parameter space."
"We study the radiation emitted by inertial charge evolving on the expanding de Sitter spacetime. Performing a perturbative calculation, within scalar quantum electrodynamics (sQED), we obtain the transition amplitude for the process and using this we define the energy radiated by the source. In the non-relativistic limit we find that the leading term is compatible with the classical result (Larmor formula). The first quantum correction is found to be negative, a result which is in line with a number of similar quantum field theory results. For the ultra-relativistic case we find a logarithmic divergence of the emitted energy for large frequencies, which we link to the nature of the spacetime. We compare our results with that of Nomura et al. (JCAP 11:013, 2006), where the authors make a similar calculation for a general conformally flat spacetime."
"In the Minimal Supersymmetric Standard Model heavy superparticles introduce large logarithms in the calculation of the lightest 𝓒𝓟-even Higgs-boson mass. These logarithmic contributions can be resummed using effective field theory techniques. For light superparticles, however, fixed-order calculations are expected to be more accurate. To gain a precise prediction also for intermediate mass scales, the two approaches have to be combined. Here, we report on an improvement of this method in various steps: the inclusion of electroweak contributions, of separate electroweakino and gluino thresholds, as well as resummation at the NNLL level. These improvements can lead to significant numerical effects. In most cases, the lightest 𝓒𝓟-even Higgs-boson mass is shifted downwards by about 1 GeV. This is mainly caused by higher-order corrections to the top-quark mass. We also describe the implementation of the new contributions in the code FeynHiggs."
"We briefly describe the construction of Stäkel–Killing and Killing–Yano tensors on toric Sasaki–Einstein manifolds without working out intricate generalized Killing equations. The integrals of geodesic motions are expressed in terms of Killing vectors and Killing–Yano tensors of the homogeneous Sasaki–Einstein space . We discuss the integrability of geodesics and construct explicitly the action-angle variables. Two pairs of frequencies of the geodesic motions are resonant giving way to chaotic behavior when the system is perturbed."
"We discuss possible instabilities in higher-derivative matter field theories. These theories have two free parameters and . By using a dynamical system approach we explicitly demonstrate that for the stability of Minkowski space in an expanding universe we need the condition . By using the quantum field theory approach we also find an additional restriction for the parameters, , which is needed to avoid a tachyon-like instability."
"We propose to study the and the resonances in the decay via the final-state interactions of the and pairs. The weak interaction part proceeds through the &lt;i&gt;c&lt;i/&gt; quark decay process: , while the hadronization part takes place in two mechanisms, differing in how the quarks from the weak decay combines into with a with the quantum numbers of the vacuum. Because the final and states are in pure isospin and combinations, the decay can be an ideal process to study the and resonances. Describing the final-state interaction in the chiral unitary approach, we find that the and invariant mass distributions, up to an arbitrary normalization, show clear cusp and peak structures, which can be associated with the and resonances, respectively. The proposed mechanism can provide valuable information on the nature of these resonances and can in principle be tested by facilities such as BEPCII."
"The electromagnetic radiative corrections to the (&lt;i&gt;V&lt;i/&gt; is a vector meson and a charged lepton) decay rates are evaluated using the cutoff method to regularize virtual corrections and incorporating intermediate resonance states in the real-photon amplitude to extend the region of validity of the soft-photon approximation. The electromagnetic and weak form factors of hadrons are assumed to vary smoothly over the energies of virtual and real photons under consideration. The cutoff dependence of radiative corrections upon the scale that separates the long- and short-distance regimes is found to be mild and is considered as an uncertainty of the calculation. Owing to partial cancellations of electromagnetic corrections evaluated over the three- and four-body regions of phase space, the photon-inclusive corrected rates are found to be dominated by the short-distance contribution. These corrections will be relevant for a precise determination of the &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt; quark mixing angles by testing isospin symmetry when measurements of semileptonic rates of charged and neutral &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt; mesons at the few percent level become available. For completeness, we also provide numerical values of radiative corrections in the three-body region of the Dalitz plot distributions of these decays."
"In this article, we propose different background models of extended theories of gravity, which are minimally coupled to the SM fields, to explain the possibility of genesis of dark matter without affecting the SM particle sector. We modify the gravity sector by allowing quantum corrections motivated from (1) local &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity and (2) non-minimally coupled gravity with SM sector and dilaton field. Next we apply a conformal transformation on the metric to transform the action back to the Einstein frame. We also show that an effective theory constructed from these extended theories of gravity and SM sector looks exactly the same. Using the relic constraint observed by Planck 2015, we constrain the scale of the effective field theory () as well as the dark matter mass (&lt;i&gt;M&lt;i/&gt;). We consider two cases: (1) light dark matter (LDM) and (2) heavy dark matter (HDM), and we deduce upper bounds on thermally averaged cross section of dark matter annihilating to SM particles. Further we show that our model naturally incorporates self-interactions of dark matter. Using these self-interactions, we derive the constraints on the parameters of (1) local &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity and (2) non-minimally coupled gravity from a dark matter self-interaction. Finally, we propose some different UV complete models from a particle physics point of view, which can give rise to the same effective theory that we have deduced from extended theories of gravity."
"Expanding upon [arXiv:1404.4472, arXiv:1511.06079], we provide a further detailed analysis of Bañados geometries, the most general solutions to the AdS Einstein gravity with Brown–Henneaux boundary conditions. We analyze in some detail the causal, horizon, and boundary structure, and the geodesic motion on these geometries, as well as the two classes of symplectic charges one can associate with these geometries: charges associated with the exact symmetries and the Virasoro charges. We elaborate on the one-to-one relation between the coadjoint orbits of two copies of the Virasoro group and Bañados geometries. We discuss that the information as regards the Bañados goemetries falls into two categories: “orbit invariant” information and “Virasoro hairs”. The former concerns geometric quantities, while the latter are specified by the non-local surface integrals. We elaborate on multi-BTZ geometries which have a number of disconnected pieces at the horizon bifurcation curve. We study multi-BTZ black hole thermodynamics and discuss that the thermodynamic quantities are orbit invariants. We also comment on the implications of our analysis for a 2d CFT dual which could possibly be dual to AdS Einstein gravity."
"We give the three-dimensional dynamical autonomous systems for most of the popular scalar field dark energy models including (phantom) quintessence, (phantom) tachyon, K-essence, and general non-canonical scalar field models, change the dynamical variables from variables to observable related variables , and show the intimate relationships between those scalar fields that the three-dimensional system of K-essence can reduce to (phantom) tachyon, general non-canonical scalar field can reduce to (phantom) quintessence and K-essence can also reduce to (phantom) quintessence for some special cases. For the applications of the three-dimensional dynamical systems, we investigate several special cases and give the exactly dynamical solutions in detail. In the end of this paper, we argue that it is more convenient and also has more physical meaning to express the differential equations of dynamical systems in instead of variables and to investigate the dynamical system in three dimensions instead of two dimensions. We also raise a question about the possibility of the chaotic behavior in the spatially flat single scalar field FRW cosmological models in the presence of ordinary matter."
"Here, we peruse cosmological usage of the most promising candidates of dark energy in the framework of &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity theory where &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt; represents the torsion scalar teleparallel gravity. We reconstruct the different &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) modified gravity models in the spatially flat Friedmann–Robertson–Walker universe according to entropy-corrected versions of the holographic and new agegraphic dark energy models in power-law and logarithmic corrections, which describe an accelerated expansion history of the universe. We conclude that the equation of state parameter of the entropy-corrected models can transit from the quintessence state to the phantom regime as indicated by recent observations or can lie entirely in the phantom region. Also, using these models, we investigate the different areas of the stability with the help of the squared speed of sound."
"We investigate the cosmological consequences of a scalar-vector-tensor theory of gravity known as modified gravity (MOG). In MOG, in addition to metric tensor, there are two scalar fields &lt;i&gt;G&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt;) and , and one vector field . Using the phase space analysis, we explore the cosmological consequences of &lt;b&gt;a model of&lt;b/&gt; MOG and find some new interesting features which are absent in CDM model. More specifically we study the possibility that if the extra fields of this theory behave like dark energy to explain the cosmic speedup. More interestingly, with or without cosmological constant, a strongly phantom crossing occurs. Also we find that this theory in its original form () possesses a true sequence of cosmological epochs. However, we show that, surprisingly, there are two radiation-dominated epochs, and , two matter-dominated phases, and , and two late time accelerated eras, and . Depending on the initial conditions the universe will realize only three of these six eras. However, the matter-dominated phases are dramatically different from the standard matter-dominated epoch. In these phases the cosmic scale factor grows as and , respectively, which are slower than the standard case, i.e. . Considering these results we discuss the cosmological viability of MOG."
"Considering the mass splitting between three active neutrinos, we represent the new constraints on the sum of neutrino mass by updating the anisotropic analysis of the Baryon Acoustic Oscillation (BAO) scale in the CMASS and LOWZ galaxy samples from Data Release 12 of the SDSS-III Baryon Oscillation Spectroscopic Survey (BOSS DR12). Combining the BAO data of 6dFGS, MGS, LOWZ and CMASS with  2015 data of temperature anisotropy and polarizations of the Cosmic Microwave Background (CMB), we find that the 95 % C.L. upper bounds on refer to eV for the normal hierarchy (NH), eV for the inverted hierarchy (IH) and eV for the degenerate hierarchy (DH), respectively, and the normal hierarchy is slightly preferred over the inverted one (). In addition, the additional relativistic degrees of freedom and massive sterile neutrinos are neither favored at present."
"The leading-order spin–orbit coupling is included in a post-Newtonian Lagrangian formulation of spinning compact binaries, which consists of the Newtonian term, first post-Newtonian (1PN) and 2PN non-spin terms and 2PN spin–spin coupling. This leads to a 3PN spin–spin coupling occurring in the derived Hamiltonian. The spin–spin couplings are mainly responsible for chaos in the Hamiltonians. However, the 3PN spin–spin Hamiltonian is small and has different signs, compared with the 2PN spin–spin Hamiltonian equivalent to the 2PN spin–spin Lagrangian. As a result, the probability of the occurrence of chaos in the Lagrangian formulation without the spin–orbit coupling is larger than that in the Lagrangian formulation with the spin–orbit coupling. Numerical evidences support this claim."
"For the first time, a cadmium tungstate crystal scintillator enriched in Cd has been succesfully tested as a scintillating bolometer. The measurement was performed above ground at a temperature of 18 mK. The crystal mass was 34.5 g and the enrichment level 82 %. Despite a substantial pile-up effect due to above-ground operation, the detector demonstrated high energy resolution (2–7 keV FWHM in 0.2–2.6 MeV energy range and 7.5 keV FWHM at the Cd double-beta decay transition energy of 2813 keV), a powerful particle identification capability and a high level of internal radio-purity. These results prove that cadmium tungstate is a promising detector material for a next-generation neutrinoless double-beta decay bolometric experiment, like that proposed in the CUPID project (CUORE Upgrade with Particle IDentification)."
"Five-dimensional (5D) space-time symmetry greatly facilitates how a 4D observer perceives the propagation of a single spinless particle in a 5D space-time. In particular, if the 5D geometry is independent of the fifth coordinate then the 5D physics may be interpreted as 4D quantum mechanics. In this work we address the case where the symmetry is approximate, focusing on the case where the 5D geometry depends weakly on the fifth coordinate. We show that concepts developed for the case of exact symmetry approximately hold when other concepts such as decaying quantum states, resonant quantum scattering, and Stokes drag are adopted, as well. We briefly comment on the optical model of the nuclear interactions and Millikan’s oil drop experiment."
"We derive the general counting rules for a quantum effective field theory (EFT) in dimensions. The rules are valid for strongly and weakly coupled theories, and they predict that all kinetic energy terms are canonically normalized. They determine the energy dependence of scattering cross sections in the range of validity of the EFT expansion. We show that the size of the cross sections is controlled by the power counting of EFT, not by chiral counting, even for chiral perturbation theory (PT). The relation between and &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt; is generalized to dimensions. We show that the naive dimensional analysis counting is related to counting. The EFT counting rules are applied to PT, low-energy weak interactions, Standard Model EFT and the non-trivial case of Higgs EFT."
"In this paper, we introduce the astrophysical observations into the wormhole research. We investigate the evolution behavior of the dark energy equation of state parameter by constraining the dark energy model, so that we can determine in which stage of the universe wormholes can exist by using the condition . As a concrete instance, we study the Ricci dark energy (RDE) traversable wormholes constrained by astrophysical observations. Particularly, we find from Fig. 5 of this work, when the effective equation of state parameter (or ), i.e., the null energy condition (NEC) is violated clearly, the wormholes will exist (open). Subsequently, six specific solutions of statically and spherically symmetric traversable wormhole supported by the RDE fluids are obtained. Except for the case of a constant redshift function, where the solution is not only asymptotically flat but also traversable, the five remaining solutions are all non-asymptotically flat, therefore, the exotic matter from the RDE fluids is spatially distributed in the vicinity of the throat. Furthermore, we analyze the physical characteristics and properties of the RDE traversable wormholes. It is worth noting that, using the astrophysical observations, we obtain the constraints on the parameters of the RDE model, explore the types of exotic RDE fluids in different stages of the universe, limit the number of available models for wormhole research, reduce theoretically the number of the wormholes corresponding to different parameters for the RDE model, and provide a clearer picture for wormhole investigations from the new perspective of observational cosmology."
"We consider cosmological inflation generated by a scalar field slowly rolling off from a de Sitter maximum of its potential. The models belong to the class of hilltop models and represent the most general model of this kind in which the scalar potential can be written as the sum of two exponentials. The minimally coupled Einstein-scalar gravity theory obtained in this way is the cosmological version of a two-scale generalization of known holographic models, allowing for solitonic solutions interpolating between an AdS spacetime in the infrared and scaling solutions in the ultraviolet. We then investigate cosmological inflation in the slow-roll approximation. Our model reproduces correctly, for a wide range of its parameters, the most recent experimental data for the power spectrum of primordial perturbations. Moreover, it predicts inflation at energy scales of four to five orders of magnitude below the Planck scale. At the onset of inflation, the mass of the tachyonic excitation, i.e. of the inflaton, turns out to be seven to eight orders of magnitude smaller than the Planck mass."
"We study the LHC phenomenology of the next-to-minimal model of gauge-mediated supersymmetry breaking, both for Run I and Run II. The Higgs phenomenology of the model is consistent with observations: a 125 GeV standard model-like Higgs which mixes with singlet-like state of mass around 90 GeV that provides a 2 excess at LEP II. The model possesses regions of parameter space where a longer-lived lightest neutralino decays in the detector into a gravitino and a &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-jet pair or a tau pair resulting in potential displaced vertex signatures. We investigate current bounds on sparticle masses and the discovery potential of the model, both via conventional searches and via searches for displaced vertices. The searches based on promptly decaying sparticles currently give a lower limit on the gluino mass 1080 GeV and could be sensitive up to 1900 GeV with 100 fb, whereas the current displaced vertex searches cannot probe this model due to &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-quarks in the final state. We show how the displaced vertex cuts might be relaxed in order to improve signal efficiency, while simultaneously applied prompt cuts reduce background, resulting in a much better sensitivity than either strategy alone and motivating a fully fledged experimental study."
"We study the putative emission of gravitational waves (GWs) in particular for pulsars with measured braking index. We show that the appropriate combination of both GW emission and magnetic dipole brakes can naturally explain the measured braking index, when the surface magnetic field and the angle between the magnetic dipole and rotation axes are time dependent. Then we discuss the detectability of these very pulsars by aLIGO and the Einstein Telescope. We call attention to the realistic possibility that aLIGO can detect the GWs generated by at least some of these pulsars, such as Vela, for example."
"In this paper we perform a dynamical analysis for a vector field as a candidate for the dark energy, in the presence of a barotropic fluid. The vector is one component of the so-called cosmic triad, which is a set of three identical copies of an abelian field pointing mutually in orthogonal directions. In order to generalize the analysis, we also assumed the interaction between dark energy and the barotropic fluid, with a phenomenological coupling. Both matter and dark energy eras can be successfully described by the critical points, indicating that the dynamical system theory is a viable tool to analyze asymptotic states of such cosmological models."
"We discuss the impact of EW corrections on differential distributions in top-quark pair production at the LHC and future hadron colliders, focussing on the effects of initial-state photons. Performing a calculation at Next-to-Leading Order QCD+EW accuracy, we investigate in detail the impact of photon-initiated channels on central values as well as PDF and scale uncertainties, both at order and . We present predictions at 13 and 100 TeV, and provide results for the 8 TeV differential measurements performed by ATLAS and CMS. A thorough comparison of results obtained with the NNPDF2.3QED and CT14QED PDF sets is performed. While contributions due to the photon PDF are negligible with CT14QED, this is not the case for NNPDF2.3QED, where such contributions are sizeable and show large PDF uncertainties. On the one hand, we show that differential observables in top-pair production, in particular top-quark and rapidities, can be used to improve the determination of the photon PDF within the NNPDF approach. On the other hand, with current PDF sets, we demonstrate the necessity of including EW corrections and photon-induced contributions for a correct determination of both the central value and the uncertainties of theoretical predictions."
"In the standard model of cosmology (SMC) the B-mode polarization of the CMB can be explained by the gravitational effects in the inflation epoch. However, this is not the only way to explain the B-mode polarization for the CMB. It can be shown that the Compton scattering in the presence of a background, besides generating a circularly polarized microwave, can lead to a B-mode polarization for the CMB. Here we consider the non-commutative (NC) space-time as a background to explore the CMB polarization at the last scattering surface. We obtain the B-mode spectrum of the CMB radiation by scalar perturbation of metric via a correction on the Compton scattering in NC-space-time in terms of the circular polarization power spectrum and the non-commutative energy scale. It can be shown that even for the NC scale as large as the NC-effects on the CMB polarization and the &lt;i&gt;r&lt;i/&gt; parameter are significant. We show that the V-mode power spectrum can be obtained in terms of linearly polarized power spectrum in the range of micro- to nano-kelvin squared for the NC scale of about 1–20 TeV, respectively."
"The near horizon geometries are usually constructed by implementing a specific limit to a given extreme black hole configuration. Their salient feature is that the isometry group includes the conformal subgroup &lt;i&gt;SO&lt;i/&gt;(2, 1). In this work, we turn the logic around and use the conformal invariants for constructing Ricci-flat metrics in and where the vacuum Einstein equations reduce to a coupled set of ordinary differential equations. In four dimensions the analysis can be carried out in full generality and the resulting metric describes the near horizon Kerr–NUT black hole. In five dimensions we choose a specific ansatz whose structure is similar to the near horizon Myers–Perry black hole. A Ricci-flat metric involving five arbitrary parameters is constructed. A particular member of this family, which is characterized by three parameters, seems to be a natural candidate to describe the near horizon Myers–Perry black hole with a NUT charge."
"In this paper, we consider three types (static, static charged, and rotating charged) of black holes in &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity. We study the thermodynamical behavior, stability conditions, and phase transition of these black holes. It is shown that the number and type of phase transition points are related to different parameters, which shows the dependency of the stability conditions to these parameters. Also, we extend our study to different thermodynamic geometry methods (Ruppeiner, Weinhold, and GTD). Next, we investigate the compatibility of curvature scalar of geothermodynamic methods with phase transition points of the above black holes. In addition, we point out the effect of different values of the spacetime parameters on the stability conditions of mentioned black holes."
"The central goal of jet quenching studies in high-energy nuclear collisions is the characterization of those QCD medium properties that are accessible by these probes. Most of the discussion in the last years has been focused on the determination of the jet quenching parameter, . We present here an extraction of this parameter using data of inclusive particle suppression at RHIC and LHC energies for different centralities. Our approach consists in fitting a &lt;i&gt;K&lt;i/&gt; factor that quantifies the departure of this parameter from an ideal estimate, , where is determined by the local medium quantities as provided by hydrodynamical calculations. We find that this &lt;i&gt;K&lt;i/&gt; factor is larger at RHIC than at the LHC, as obtained already in previous analyses, but, surprisingly, it is almost independent of the centrality of the collision. Taken at face value, the &lt;i&gt;K&lt;i/&gt; factor would not depend on the local properties of the medium as energy density or temperature, but on global collision quantities such as the center of mass energy. This is a very intriguing, unexpected possibility for which we cannot yet provide a clear interpretation. We also comment on the limitations of the formalism that may affect this conclusion."
"We investigate the search prospects for new scalars beyond the standard model at the large hadron collider (LHC). In these studies two real scalars &lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt; and have been introduced in a two Higgs-doublet model (2HDM), where &lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt; is a portal to dark matter (DM) through its interaction with , a DM candidate and a possible source of missing transverse energy (). Previous studies focussed on a heavy scalar &lt;i&gt;H&lt;i/&gt; decay mode , which was studied using an effective theory in order to explain a distortion in the Higgs boson (&lt;i&gt;h&lt;i/&gt;) transverse momentum spectrum (von Buddenbrock et al. in arXiv:1506.00612 [hep-ph], 2015). In this work, the effective decay is understood more deeply by including a mediator &lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt;, and the focus is changed to with . Phenomenological signatures of all the new scalars in the proposed 2HDM are discussed in the energy regime of the LHC, and their mass bounds have been set accordingly. Additionally, we have performed several analyses with final states including leptons and , with , and channels, in order to understand the impact these scalars have on current searches."
"We construct a new Godunov type relativistic hydrodynamics code in Milne coordinates, using a Riemann solver based on the two-shock approximation which is stable under the existence of large shock waves. We check the correctness of the numerical algorithm by comparing numerical calculations and analytical solutions in various problems, such as shock tubes, expansion of matter into the vacuum, the Landau–Khalatnikov solution, and propagation of fluctuations around Bjorken flow and Gubser flow. We investigate the energy and momentum conservation property of our code in a test problem of longitudinal hydrodynamic expansion with an initial condition for high-energy heavy-ion collisions. We also discuss numerical viscosity in the test problems of expansion of matter into the vacuum and conservation properties. Furthermore, we discuss how the numerical stability is affected by the source terms of relativistic numerical hydrodynamics in Milne coordinates."
"We investigate modified theories of gravity in the context of teleparallel geometries with possible Gauss–Bonnet contributions. The possible coupling of gravity with the trace of the energy-momentum tensor is also taken into account. This is motivated by the various different theories formulated in the teleparallel approach and the metric approach without discussing the exact relationship between them. Our formulation clarifies the connections between different well-known theories. For instance, we are able to formulate the correct teleparallel equivalent of Gauss–Bonnet modified general relativity, amongst other results. Finally, we are able to identify modified gravity models which have not been studied in the past. These appear naturally within our setup and would make a interesting starting point for further studies."
"The dynamical structure of topologically massive gravity in the context of the Faddeev–Jackiw symplectic approach is studied. It is shown that this method allows us to avoid some ambiguities arising in the study of the gauge structure via the Dirac formalism. In particular, the complete set of constraints and the generators of the gauge symmetry of the theory are obtained straightforwardly via the zero modes of the symplectic matrix. In order to obtain the generalized Faddeev–Jackiw brackets and calculate the local physical degrees of freedom of this model, an appropriate gauge-fixing procedure is introduced. Finally, the similarities and relative advantages between the Faddeev–Jackiw method and Dirac’s formalism are briefly discussed."
"Starting from a molecular picture for the &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(3872) resonance, this state and its heavy-quark spin symmetry partner are analyzed within a model which incorporates possible mixings with 2&lt;i&gt;P&lt;i/&gt; charmonium () states. Since it is reasonable to expect the bare to be located above the threshold, but relatively close to it, the presence of the charmonium state provides an effective attraction that will contribute to binding the &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(3872), but it will not appear in the sector. Indeed in the latter sector, the should provide an effective small repulsion, because it is placed well below the threshold. We show how the and bare charmonium poles are modified due to the loop effects, and the first one is moved to the complex plane. The meson loops produce, besides some shifts in the masses of the charmonia, a finite width for the dressed charmonium state. On the other hand, &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(3872) and start developing some charmonium content, which is estimated by means of the compositeness Weinberg sum rule. It turns out that in the heavy-quark limit, there is only one coupling between the 2&lt;i&gt;P&lt;i/&gt; charmonia and the pairs. We also show that, for reasonable values of this coupling, leading to &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(3872) molecular probabilities of around 70–90 %, the resonance destabilizes and disappears from the spectrum, becoming either a virtual state or one being located deep into the complex plane, with decreasing influence in the scattering line. Moreover, we also discuss how around 10–30 % charmonium probability in the &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(3872) might explain the ratio of radiative decays of this resonance into and . Finally, we qualitatively discuss within this scheme, the hidden bottom flavor sector, paying a special attention to the implications for the and states, heavy-quark spin–flavor partners of the &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(3872)."
"We analytically and numerically investigate the properties of &lt;i&gt;s&lt;i/&gt;-wave holographic superconductors by considering the effects of scalar and gauge fields on the background geometry in five-dimensional Einstein–Gauss–Bonnet gravity. We assume the gauge field to be in the form of the power-Maxwell nonlinear electrodynamics. We employ the Sturm–Liouville eigenvalue problem for analytical calculation of the critical temperature and the shooting method for the numerical investigation. Our numerical and analytical results indicate that higher curvature corrections affect condensation of the holographic superconductors with backreaction. We observe that the backreaction can decrease the critical temperature of the holographic superconductors, while the power-Maxwell electrodynamics and Gauss–Bonnet coefficient term may increase the critical temperature of the holographic superconductors. We find that the critical exponent has the mean-field value , regardless of the values of Gauss–Bonnet coefficient, backreaction and power-Maxwell parameters."
"Motivated by the di-photon excess at 750 GeV reported by the ATLAS and CMS experiments, we present an F-theory inspired flipped model embedded in . The low energy spectrum includes the three MSSM chiral families, vector-like colour triplets, several pairs of charged singlet fields , as well as MSSM singlets, one or more of which could contribute to the di-photon resonance. A total decay width in the multi-GeV range can arise from couplings involving the singlet and MSSM fields."
"We consider a recent &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;-matrix analysis by Albaladejo et al. (Phys Lett B 755:337, 2016), which accounts for the and coupled-channels dynamics, and which successfully describes the experimental information concerning the recently discovered . Within such scheme, the data can be similarly well described in two different scenarios, where is either a resonance or a virtual state. To shed light into the nature of this state, we apply this formalism in a finite box with the aim of comparing with recent Lattice QCD (LQCD) simulations. We see that the energy levels obtained for both scenarios agree well with those obtained in the single-volume LQCD simulation reported in Prelovsek et al. (Phys Rev D 91:014504, 2015), thus making it difficult to disentangle the two possibilities. We also study the volume dependence of the energy levels obtained with our formalism and suggest that LQCD simulations performed at several volumes could help in discerning the actual nature of the intriguing state."
"We study the mass spectra of hidden-charm pentaquarks having spin and quark contents . We systematically construct all the relevant local hidden-charm pentaquark currents, and we select some of them to perform QCD sum rule analyses. We find that the and can be identified as hidden-charm pentaquark states composed of an anti-charmed meson and a charmed baryon. Besides them, we also find (a) the lowest-lying hidden-charm pentaquark state of has the mass  GeV, while the one of is significantly higher, that is, around 4.7–4.9 GeV; (b) the lowest-lying hidden-charm pentaquark state of has the mass  GeV, consistent with the of , while the one of is also significantly higher, that is, above 4.6 GeV; (c) the hidden-charm pentaquark state of has a mass around 4.5–4.6 GeV, slightly larger than the of ."
"Following an earlier study regarding Einstein–Gauss–Bonnet-massive black holes in the presence of a Born–Infeld nonlinear electromagnetic field (Hendi, arXiv:1510.00108, 2016), we study thermodynamical structure and critical behavior of these black holes through various methods in this paper. Geometrical thermodynamics is employed to give a picture regarding the phase transition of these black holes. Next, a new method is used to derive critical pressure and radius of the horizon of these black holes. In addition, Maxwell equal area law is employed to study the Van der Waals like behavior of these black holes. Moreover, the critical exponents are calculated and by using Ehrenfest equations, the type of phase transition is determined."
"A di-photon excess at the LHC can be explained as a Standard Model singlet that is produced and decays by heavy vector-like colour triplets and electroweak doublets in one-loop diagrams. The characteristics of the required spectrum are well motivated in heterotic-string constructions that allow for a light . Anomaly cancellation of the symmetry requires the existence of the Standard Model singlet and vector-like states in the vicinity of the breaking scale. In this paper we show that the agreement with the gauge coupling data at one-loop is identical to the case of the Minimal Supersymmetric Standard Model, owing to cancellations between the additional states. We further show that effects arising from heavy thresholds may push the supersymmetric spectrum beyond the reach of the LHC, while maintaining the agreement with the gauge coupling data. We show that the string-inspired model can indeed produce an observable signal and discuss the feasibility of obtaining viable scalar mass spectrum."
"QCD at finite densities of heavy quarks is investigated using the density-of-states method. The phase factor expectation value of the quark determinant is calculated to unprecedented precision as a function of the chemical potential. Results are validated using those from a reweighting approach where the latter can produce a significant signal-to-noise ratio. We confirm the particle–hole symmetry at low temperatures, find a strong sign problem at intermediate values of the chemical potential, and an inverse Silver Blaze feature for chemical potentials close to the onset value: here, the phase-quenched theory underestimates the density of the full theory."
"In this paper, we study the electromagnetic effects on the stability of a spherically symmetric anisotropic fluid distribution satisfying two polytropic equations of state and construct the corresponding generalized Tolman–Oppenheimer–Volkoff equations. We apply perturbations on matter variables via the polytropic constant as well as the polytropic index and formulate the force distribution function. It is found that the compact object is stable for a feasible choice of perturbed polytropic index in the presence of charge."
"We investigate further (cf. Borowiec et al. JCAP 1601(01):040, 2016) the Starobinsky cosmological model in the Palatini formalism with a Chaplygin gas and baryonic matter as a source in the context of singularities. The dynamics reduces to the 2D sewn dynamical system of a Newtonian type (a piece-wise-smooth dynamical system). We demonstrate that the presence of a sewn up freeze singularity (glued freeze type singularities) for the positive is, in this case, a generic feature of the early evolution of the universe. It is demonstrated that equal zero is a bifurcation parameter and the dynamics qualitatively changes as the sign is changing. On the other side for the case of negative instead of the big bang the sudden bounce singularity of a finite scale factor does appear and there is a generic class of bouncing solutions. While the is favored by data only very small values of parameter are allowed if we require agreement with the CDM model. From the statistical analysis of astronomical observations, we deduce that the case of only very small negative values of cannot be rejected. Therefore, observation data favor the universe without the ghost states () and tachyons ()."
"We study the Faddeev–Jackiw symplectic Hamiltonian reduction for -dimensional free and Abelian gauged Rarita–Schwinger theories that comprise Grassmannian fermionic fields. We obtain the relevant fundamental brackets and find that they are in convenient forms for quantization. The brackets are independent of whether the theories contain mass or gauge fields, and the structures of constraints and symplectic potentials largely determine characteristic behaviors of the theories. We also note that, in contrast to the free massive theory, the Dirac field equations for free massless Rarita–Schwinger theory cannot be obtained in a covariant way."
"The results of a search for gluinos in final states with an isolated electron or muon, multiple jets and large missing transverse momentum using proton–proton collision data at a centre-of-mass energy of are presented. The dataset used was recorded in 2015 by the ATLAS experiment at the Large Hadron Collider and corresponds to an integrated luminosity of 3.2 fb. Six signal selections are defined that best exploit the signal characteristics. The data agree with the Standard Model background expectation in all six signal selections, and the largest deviation is a 2.1 standard deviation excess. The results are interpreted in a simplified model where pair-produced gluinos decay via the lightest chargino to the lightest neutralino. In this model, gluinos are excluded up to masses of approximately 1.6 Te V depending on the mass spectrum of the simplified model, thus surpassing the limits of previous searches."
"Inspired by the recent measurement of the ratio of branching fractions to and final states at the LHCb detector, we study the semileptonic decays of meson to the S-wave ground and radially excited 2&lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt; and 3&lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt; charmonium states with the perturbative QCD approach. After evaluating the form factors for the transitions , where &lt;i&gt;P&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;V&lt;i/&gt; denote pseudoscalar and vector S-wave charmonia, respectively, we calculate the branching ratios for all these semileptonic decays. The theoretical uncertainty of hadronic input parameters are reduced by utilizing the light-cone wave function for the meson. It is found that the predicted branching ratios range from up to and could be measured by the future LHCb experiment. Our prediction for the ratio of branching fractions is in good agreement with the data. For decays, the relative contributions of the longitudinal and transverse polarization are discussed in different momentum transfer squared regions. These predictions will be tested on the ongoing and forthcoming experiments."
"In this paper we approach the issue of Clifford algebra basis deformation, allowing for bilinear covariants associated to Elko spinors which satisfy the Fierz–Pauli–Kofink identities. We present a complete analysis of covariance, taking into account the involved dual structure associated to Elko spinors. Moreover, the possible generalizations to the recently presented new dual structure are performed."
"We consider supersymmetric grand unified theories with soft supersymmetry-breaking scalar masses specified above the GUT scale (super-GUTs) and patterns of Yukawa couplings motivated by upper limits on flavour-changing interactions beyond the Standard Model. If the scalar masses are smaller than the gaugino masses , as is expected in no-scale models, the dominant effects of renormalisation between the input scale and the GUT scale are generally expected to be those due to the gauge couplings, which are proportional to and generation independent. In this case, the input scalar masses may violate flavour maximally, a scenario we call MaxSFV, and there is no supersymmetric flavour problem. We illustrate this possibility within various specific super-GUT scenarios that are deformations of no-scale gravity."
"In this work we analyze the possibility to explain the muon anomalous magnetic moment discrepancy within theory and experiment through lepton-flavor violation processes. We propose a flavor extended MSSM by considering a hierarchical family structure for the trilinear scalar soft-supersymmetric terms of the Lagrangian, present at the SUSY breaking scale. We obtain analytical results for the rotation mass matrix, with the consequence of having non-universal slepton masses and the possibility of leptonic flavor mixing. The one-loop supersymmetric contributions to the leptonic flavor violating process are calculated in the physical basis, instead of using the well-known mass-insertion method. The flavor violating processes are also obtained, in particular is well within the experimental bounds. We present the regions in parameter space where the muon problem is either entirely solved or partially reduced through the contribution of these flavor violating processes."
"A relativistic wave equation for spin 1/2 particles in the Melvin space-time, a space-time where the metric is determined by a magnetic field, is obtained. The energy levels for these particles are obtained as functions of the magnetic field and compared with the ones calculated with the Dirac equation in the flat Minkowski space-time. The numeric values for some magnetic fields of interest are shown. With these results, the effects of very intense magnetic fields on the energy levels, as intense as the ones expected to be produced in magnetars or in ultra-relativistic heavy-ion collisions, are investigated."
"A simple regular black hole solution satisfying the weak energy condition is obtained within Einstein-non-linear electrodynamics theory. We have computed the thermodynamic properties of this black hole by a careful analysis of the horizons and we have found that the usual Bekenstein–Hawking entropy gets corrected by a logarithmic term. Therefore, in this sense our model realises some quantum gravity predictions which add this kind of correction to the black hole entropy. In particular, we have established some similitudes between our model and a quadratic generalised uncertainty principle. This similitude has been confirmed by the existence of a remnant, which prevents complete evaporation, in agreement with the quadratic generalised uncertainty principle case."
"In this work, we estimate the masses of tetraquark states with four different flavors by virtue of QCD sum rules, in both &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;c&lt;i/&gt; sectors. We construct four tetraquark currents with , and then we perform an analytic calculation up to dimension eight in the operator product expansion. We keep terms which are linear in the strange quark mass , and in the end we find two possible tetraquark states with masses and GeV. We find that their charmed-partner masses lie in and GeV, respectively, and are hence accessible in experiments like BESIII and Belle."
"In this paper, we have extended the previous study of the thermodynamics and phase transition of the Schwarzschild black hole in the rainbow gravity to the Schwarzschild–AdS black hole where metric depends on the energy of a probe. Making use of the Heisenberg uncertainty principle and the modified dispersion relation, we have obtained the modified local Hawking temperature and thermodynamic quantities in an isothermal cavity. Moreover, we carry out the analysis of constant temperature slices of a black hole. As a result, we have shown that there also exists another Hawking–Page-like phase transition in which case a locally stable small black hole tunnels into a globally stable large black hole as well as the standard Hawking–Page phase transition from a hot flat space to a black hole."
"We consider the lower bound for the shear viscosity-to-entropy density ratio, obtained from the fluid/gravity correspondence, in order to constrain the post-Newtonian parameter of brane-world metrics. In particular, we analyse the Casadio–Fabbri–Mazzacurati (CFM) effective solutions for the gravity side of the correspondence and argue that including higher-order terms in the hydrodynamic expansion can lead to a full agreement with the experimental bounds, for the Eddington–Robertson–Schiff post-Newtonian parameter in the CFM metrics. This lends further support to the physical relevance of the viscosity-to-entropy ratio lower bound and fluid/gravity correspondence. Hence we show that CFM black branes are, effectively, Schwarzschild black branes."
"We suggest to study the and its excitations in the decays. We calculate the and form factors within the covariant light-front quark model, where the and denote an s-wave or p-wave and meson, respectively. The form factors at are directly computed while their -distributions are obtained by extrapolation. The derived form factors are then used to study semileptonic decays, and nonleptonic . Branching fractions and polarizations are predicted in the standard model. We find that the branching fractions are sizable and might be accessible at the LHC experiment and future high-energy colliders with a high luminosity at the &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt;-pole. The future experimental measurements are helpful to study the nonperturbative QCD dynamics in the presence of a heavy spectator and also of great value for the study of spectroscopy."
"The maximally helicity violating tree-level scattering amplitudes involving three, four or five gravitons are worked out in Unimodular Gravity. They are found to coincide with the corresponding amplitudes in General Relativity. This a remarkable result, insofar as both the propagators and the vertices are quite different in the two theories."
"In this paper, we study the covariant form of the non-relativistic Schrödinger–Pauli equation in the space-time generated by a cosmic string and discuss the solutions of this equation in the presence of interaction between the magnetic dipole momentum and electromagnetic field. We study the influence of the topology on this system. We obtain the solution of radial part as well as the energy levels. We consider all thermodynamic properties of a neutral particle in a magnetic cosmic string background by using an approach based on the partition function method."
"Solving field equations in the context of higher curvature gravity theories is a formidable task. However, in many situations, e.g., in the context of &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) theories, the higher curvature gravity action can be written as an Einstein–Hilbert action plus a scalar field action. We show that not only the action but the field equations derived from the action are also equivalent, provided the spacetime is regular. We also demonstrate that such an equivalence continues to hold even when the gravitational field equations are projected on a lower-dimensional hypersurface. We have further addressed explicit examples in which the solutions for Einstein–Hilbert and a scalar field system lead to solutions of the equivalent higher curvature theory. The same, but on the lower-dimensional hypersurface, has been illustrated in the reverse order as well. We conclude with a brief discussion on this technique of solving higher curvature field equations."
"In this paper we study a model of the two-dimensional quantum harmonic oscillator in a three-dimensional anti-de Sitter background. We use a generalized Schrödinger picture in which the analogs of the Schrödinger operators of the particle are independent of both the time and the space coordinates in different representations. The spacetime independent operators of the particle induce the Lie algebra of Killing vector fields of the spacetime. In this picture, we have a metamorphosis of the Heisenberg uncertainty relations."
"In this paper, we indicate a possibility of utilizing the intense chromium source (370  PBq) in probing the neutrino nature in low energy neutrino experiments with the ultra-low threshold and background real-time Borexino detector located near the source (8 m). We analyse the elastic scattering of electron neutrinos (Dirac or Majorana, respectively) on the unpolarised electrons in the relativistic neutrino limit. We assume that the incoming neutrino beam is the superposition of left–right chiral states produced by the chromium source. Left chiral neutrinos may be detected by the standard and non-standard scalar , pseudoscalar , tensor interactions, while right chiral ones partake only in the exotic and interactions. Our model-independent study is carried out for the flavour (current) neutrino eigenstates. We compute the expected event number for the standard interaction of the left chiral neutrinos using the current experimental values of standard couplings and in the case of left–right chiral superposition. We show that the significant decrement in the event number due to the interference terms between the standard and exotic interactions for the Majorana neutrinos may appear. We also demonstrate how the presence of the exotic couplings affects the energy spectrum of outgoing electrons, both for the Dirac and Majorana cases. The C.L. sensitivity contours in the planes of corresponding exotic couplings are found. The presence of interferences in the Majorana case gives the stronger constraints than for the Dirac neutrinos, even if the neutrino source is placed outside the detector."
"The newly observed &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; exotic states are definitely not in the standard structures, thus their existence composes a challenge to our understanding on the fundamental principles of hadron physics. Therefore the studies on their decay patterns which are determined by the non-perturbative QCD will definitely shed light on the concerned physics. Generally the four-quark states might be in a molecular state or tetraquark or their mixture. In this work, we adopt the suggestion that &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4630) is a charmonium-like tetraquark made of a diquark and an anti-diquark. If it is true, its favorable decay mode should be &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4630) decaying into an open-charm baryon pair, since such a transition occurs via strong interaction and is super-OZI-allowed. In this work, we calculate the decay width of in the framework of the quark pair creation model. Our numerical results on the partial width computed in the tetraquark configuration coincide with the Belle data within a certain error tolerance."
"We report on a dark matter search for a Weakly Interacting Massive Particle (WIMP) in the mass range with the EDELWEISS-III experiment. A 2D profile likelihood analysis is performed on data from eight selected detectors with the lowest energy thresholds leading to a combined fiducial exposure of 496 kg-days. External backgrounds from - and -radiation, recoils from and neutrons as well as detector intrinsic backgrounds were modelled from data outside the region of interest and constrained in the analysis. The basic data selection and most of the background models are the same as those used in a previously published analysis based on boosted decision trees (BDT) [1]. For the likelihood approach applied in the analysis presented here, a larger signal efficiency and a subtraction of the expected background lead to a higher sensitivity, especially for the lowest WIMP masses probed. No statistically significant signal was found and upper limits on the spin-independent WIMP-nucleon scattering cross section can be set with a hypothesis test based on the profile likelihood test statistics. The 90 % C.L. exclusion limit set for WIMPs with is , which is an improvement of a factor of seven with respect to the BDT-based analysis. For WIMP masses above the exclusion limits found with both analyses are in good agreement."
"The result of a search for pair production of the supersymmetric partner of the Standard Model bottom quark () is reported. The search uses 3.2 fb  of &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collisions at  TeV collected by the ATLAS experiment at the Large Hadron Collider in 2015. Bottom squarks are searched for in events containing large missing transverse momentum and exactly two jets identified as originating from &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-quarks. No excess above the expected Standard Model background yield is observed. Exclusion limits at 95 % confidence level on the mass of the bottom squark are derived in phenomenological supersymmetric &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;-parity-conserving models in which the is the lightest squark and is assumed to decay exclusively via , where  is the lightest neutralino. The limits significantly extend previous results; bottom squark masses up to 800 (840) GeV are excluded for the mass below 360 (100) GeV whilst differences in mass above 100 GeV between the and the  are excluded up to a mass of 500 GeV."
"In this article we present a theoretical construction of spacetimes with a thin shell that joins two different local cosmic string geometries. We study two types of global manifolds, one representing spacetimes with a thin shell surrounding a cosmic string or an empty region with Minkowski metric, and the other corresponding to wormholes which are not symmetric across the throat located at the shell. We analyze the stability of the static configurations under perturbations preserving the cylindrical symmetry. For both types of geometries we find that the static configurations can be stable for suitable values of the parameters."
"In this paper, we investigate the thermodynamics of higher-dimensional &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) black holes in the extended phase space. Both the analytic expressions and the numerical results for the possible critical physical quantities are obtained. It is proved that meaningful critical specific volume only exists when &lt;i&gt;p&lt;i/&gt; is odd. This unique phenomenon may be attributed to the combined effect of &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity and conformally invariant Maxwell field. It is also shown that the ratio differs from that of higher-dimensional charged AdS black holes in Einstein gravity. However, the ratio for four-dimensional &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) black holes is the same as that of four-dimensional RN-AdS black holes, implying that &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity does not influence the ratio. So the ratio may be related to conformally invariant Maxwell field. To probe the phase transition, we derive the explicit expression of the Gibbs free energy with its graph plotted. A phase transition analogous to the van der Waals liquid–gas system takes place between the small black hole and the large black hole. Classical swallow tail behavior, characteristic of first-order phase transitions, can also be observed in the Gibbs free energy graph. Critical exponents are also calculated. It is shown that these exponents are exactly the same as those of other AdS black holes, implying that neither &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity nor conformally invariant Maxwell field influence the critical exponents. Since the investigated black hole solution depends on the form of the function &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;), we discuss in detail how our results put constraint on the form of the function &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) and we also present a simple example."
"Quantum effects derived through conformal anomaly lead to an inflationary model that can be either stable or unstable. The unstable version requires a large dimensionless coefficient of about in front of the term that results in the inflationary regime in the (“Starobinsky”) model being a generic intermediate attractor. In this case the non-local terms in the effective action are practically irrelevant, and there is a ‘graceful exit’ to a low curvature matter-like dominated stage driven by high-frequency oscillations of &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt; – scalarons, which later decay to pairs of all particles and antiparticles, with the amount of primordial scalar (density) perturbations required by observations. The stable version is a genuine generic attractor, so there is no exit from it. We discuss a possible transition from stable to unstable phases of inflation. It is shown that this transition is automatic if the sharp cut-off approximation is assumed for quantum corrections in the period of transition. Furthermore, we describe two different quantum mechanisms that may provide a required large -term in the transition period."
"It has been known for some time that the cosmological Friedmann equation deduced from general relativity can also be obtained within the Newtonian framework under certain assumptions. We use this result together with quantum corrections to the Newtonian potentials to derive a set a of quantum corrected Friedmann equations. We examine the behavior of the solutions of these modified cosmological equations paying special attention to the sign of the quantum corrections. We find different quantum effects crucially depending on this sign. One such a solution displays a qualitative resemblance to other quantum models like Loop quantum gravity or non-commutative geometry."
"General Einstein–Gauss–Bonnet gravity with a cosmological constant allows two (A)dS spacetimes as its vacuum solutions. We find a critical point in the parameter space where the two (A)dS spacetimes coalesce into one and the linearized perturbations lack any bilinear kinetic terms. The vacuum perturbations hence lose their interpretation as linear graviton modes at the critical point. Nevertheless, the critical theory admits black hole solutions due to the nonlinear effect. We also consider Einstein gravity extended with general quadratic curvature invariants and obtain critical points where the theory has no bilinear kinetic terms for either the scalar trace mode or the transverse modes. Such critical phenomena are expected to occur frequently in general higher-derivative gravities."
"A search is performed for a heavy particle decaying into different flavour dilepton pairs (, or ), using 3.2 fb of proton–proton collision data at  TeV collected in 2015 by the ATLAS detector at the Large Hadron Collider. No excess over the Standard Model prediction is observed. Limits at the 95 % credibility level are set on the mass of a boson with lepton-flavour-violating couplings at 3.0, 2.7 and 2.6 TeV, and on the mass of a supersymmetric sneutrino with &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;-parity-violating couplings at 2.3, 2.2 and 1.9 TeV, for , and final states, respectively. The results are also interpreted as limits on the threshold mass for quantum black hole production."
"The purpose of the TauSpinner algorithm is to provide a tool that allows to modify the physics model of the Monte Carlo generated samples due to the changed assumptions of event production dynamics, but without the need of re-generating events. To each event TauSpinner attributes the weights. In this way, for example, the spin effects of -lepton production or decay are modified, or the effect of the changes in the production mechanism are introduced according to a new physics model. Such an approach is useful, because there is no need to repeat the detector response simulation with each variant of the physics model considered. In addition, since only the event weights differ for the models, samples are correlated and statistical error of the modification is proportional to the reweighting only. We document the extension of the TauSpinner algorithm to () processes in which the matrix elements for the parton-parton scattering amplitudes into a -lepton pair and two outgoing partons are used. The method is based on tree-level matrix elements with complete helicity information for the Standard Model processes, including the Higgs boson production. For this purpose automatically generated codes by MadGraph5 have been adapted. Consistency tests of the implemented matrix elements, reweighting algorithm and numerical results are presented. For the sensitive observable, namely the averaged lepton polarisation, we perform a systematic comparison between () and () matrix elements used to calculate the spin weight in events. We show, that for events with -lepton pair close to the Z-boson peak, the -lepton polarisation calculated using () matrix elements is very close to the one calculated using () Born process only. For the masses above the Z-boson peak, the effect from including () matrix elements is also marginal, however when taking into account only subprocesses , it can lead to a 10 % difference on the predicted -lepton polarisation. On the other hand, we have found that the appropriate choice of electroweak scheme can have significant impact. We show that the modification of the electroweak or strong interaction initialization (including change of the electroweak schemes or analytic form of scale dependence for ) can be performed with the re-weighting technique as well. The new version of TauSpinner ver.2.0.0 presented here, allows also to introduce non-standard couplings for the Higgs boson and study their effects in the vector-boson-fusion processes by exploiting the spin correlations of -lepton pair decay products. The discussion of physics effects is however relegated to forthcoming publications."
"We study the anomalous trilinear gauge couplings of &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; and using a complete set of polarization asymmetries for the &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; boson in processes with unpolarized initial beams. We use these polarization asymmetries, along with the cross section, to obtain a simultaneous limit on all the anomalous couplings using the Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) method. For an collider running at 500 GeV center-of-mass energy and 100 fb of integrated luminosity the simultaneous limits on the anomalous couplings are 1–3."
"Measurements of normalized differential cross-sections of top-quark pair production are presented as a function of the top-quark, system and event-level kinematic observables in proton–proton collisions at a centre-of-mass energy of . The observables have been chosen to emphasize the  production process and to be sensitive to effects of initial- and final-state radiation, to the different parton distribution functions, and to non-resonant processes and higher-order corrections. The dataset corresponds to an integrated luminosity of 20.3 fb, recorded in 2012 with the ATLAS detector at the CERN Large Hadron Collider. Events are selected in the lepton+jets channel, requiring exactly one charged lepton and at least four jets with at least two of the jets tagged as originating from a &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-quark. The measured spectra are corrected for detector effects and are compared to several Monte Carlo simulations. The results are in fair agreement with the predictions over a wide kinematic range. Nevertheless, most generators predict a harder top-quark transverse momentum distribution at high values than what is observed in the data. Predictions beyond NLO accuracy improve the agreement with data at high top-quark transverse momenta. Using the current settings and parton distribution functions, the rapidity distributions are not well modelled by any generator under consideration. However, the level of agreement is improved when more recent sets of parton distribution functions are used."
"Recent lattice QCD results suggest that the masses of the first two positive parity mesons lie below the &lt;i&gt;BK&lt;i/&gt; threshold, similar to the case of and mesons. The mass spectrum of mesons seems to follow the pattern of a mass spectrum. As in the case of charmed mesons, the structure of positive parity mesons is very intriguing. To shed more light on this issue, we investigate the strong isospin violating decays , , and within heavy meson chiral perturbation theory. The two-body decay amplitude arises at tree level and we show that the loop corrections give significant contributions. On the other hand, in the case of three-body decay the amplitude occurs only at loop level. We find that the decay widths for these decays are keV, and keV, keV. More precise knowledge of the coupling constant describing the interaction of positive and negative parity heavy mesons with light pseudo-scalar mesons would help to increase the accuracy of our calculation."
"A measurement of the decorrelation of azimuthal angles between the two jets with the largest transverse momenta is presented for seven regions of leading jet transverse momentum up to 2.2. The analysis is based on the proton-proton collision data collected with the CMS experiment at a centre-of-mass energy of 8 corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 19.7. The dijet azimuthal decorrelation is caused by the radiation of additional jets and probes the dynamics of multijet production. The results are compared to fixed-order predictions of perturbative quantum chromodynamics (QCD), and to simulations using Monte Carlo event generators that include parton showers, hadronization, and multiparton interactions. Event generators with only two outgoing high transverse momentum partons fail to describe the measurement, even when supplemented with next-to-leading-order QCD corrections and parton showers. Much better agreement is achieved when at least three outgoing partons are complemented through either next-to-leading-order predictions or parton showers. This observation emphasizes the need to improve predictions for multijet production."
"For the search for additional Higgs bosons in the Minimal Supersymmetric Standard Model (MSSM) as well as for future precision analyses in the Higgs sector precise knowledge of their production properties is mandatory. We evaluate the cross sections for the charged Higgs boson production at colliders in the MSSM with complex parameters (cMSSM). The evaluation is based on a full one-loop calculation of the production mechanism and , including soft and hard QED radiation. The dependence of the Higgs boson production cross sections on the relevant cMSSM parameters is analyzed numerically. We find sizable contributions to many cross sections. They are, depending on the production channel, roughly of 5–10 % of the tree-level results, but can go up to 20 % or higher. The full one-loop contributions are important for a future linear collider such as the ILC or CLIC."
"According to the Blandford–Znajek mechanism, black hole jets are powered by the rotational energy of the compact object. In this work, we consider the possibility that the metric around black holes may not be described by the Kerr solution and we study how this changes the Blandford–Znajek model. If the Blandford–Znajek mechanism is responsible for the formation of jets, the estimate of the jet power in combination with another measurement can test the nature of black hole candidates and constrain possible deviations from the Kerr solution. However, this approach might become competitive with respect to other techniques only when it will be possible to have measurements much more precise than those available today."
"We consider the electroweak production of a top quark in association with a photon at the LHC to probe the electroweak top quark couplings (t) as well as the triple gauge-boson couplings (WW). The study is based on the modifications of the t and WW interactions via heavy degrees of freedom in the form of dimension-six operators which we add to the standard model Lagrangian. A binned angular asymmetry in single top quark plus photon events and cross section ratio are proposed to probe the anomalous t and WW couplings. It is shown that the proposed angular asymmetry can distinguish anomalous t, WW couplings from the standard model prediction and yield a great sensitivity."
"The rotating regular Hayward’s spacetime, apart from mass (&lt;i&gt;M&lt;i/&gt;) and angular momentum (&lt;i&gt;a&lt;i/&gt;), has an additional deviation parameter (&lt;i&gt;g&lt;i/&gt;) due to the magnetic charge, which generalizes the Kerr black hole when ; for it goes over to the Kerr black hole. We analyze how the ergoregion is affected by the parameter &lt;i&gt;g&lt;i/&gt; to show that the area of the ergoregion increases with increasing values of &lt;i&gt;g&lt;i/&gt;. Further, for each &lt;i&gt;g&lt;i/&gt;, there exists a critical , which corresponds to a regular extremal black hole with degenerate horizons . decreases whereas increases with an increase in the parameter &lt;i&gt;g&lt;i/&gt;. Banãdos, Silk, and West (BSW) demonstrated that the extremal Kerr black hole can act as a particle accelerator with arbitrarily high center-of-mass energy () when the collision of two particles takes place near the horizon. We study the BSW process for two particles with different rest masses, and , moving in the equatorial plane of the extremal Hayward’s black hole for different values of &lt;i&gt;g&lt;i/&gt;, to show that is arbitrarily high when one of the particles takes a critical value of the angular momentum. Our result, in the limit , reduces to that of the Kerr black hole."
"We present the first IceCube search for a signal of dark matter annihilations in the Milky Way using all-flavour neutrino-induced particle cascades. The analysis focuses on the DeepCore sub-detector of IceCube, and uses the surrounding IceCube strings as a veto region in order to select starting events in the DeepCore volume. We use 329 live-days of data from IceCube operating in its 86-string configuration during 2011–2012. No neutrino excess is found, the final result being compatible with the background-only hypothesis. From this null result, we derive upper limits on the velocity-averaged self-annihilation cross-section, , for dark matter candidate masses ranging from 30 GeV up to 10 TeV, assuming both a cuspy and a flat-cored dark matter halo profile. For dark matter masses between 200 GeV and 10 TeV, the results improve on all previous IceCube results on , reaching a level of 10 cm s, depending on the annihilation channel assumed, for a cusped NFW profile. The analysis demonstrates that all-flavour searches are competitive with muon channel searches despite the intrinsically worse angular resolution of cascades compared to muon tracks in IceCube."
"We discuss the mass spectrum of baryon with two heavy quarks and one light quark (&lt;i&gt;ccs, bbs, and bcs&lt;i/&gt;). The main goal of the paper is to calculate the ground state masses and after that, the positive and negative parity excited states masses are also obtained within a hypercentral constituent quark model, using Coulomb plus linear potential framework. We also added a first order correction to the potential. The mass spectra up to 5S for radial excited states and 1P–5P, 1D–4D, and 1F–2F states for orbital excited states are computed for , , and baryons. Our obtained results are compared with other theoretical predictions, which could be a useful complementary tool for the interpretation of experimentally unknown heavy baryon spectra. The Regge trajectory is constructed in both the (, ) and the (&lt;i&gt;J&lt;i/&gt;, ) planes for , , and baryons and their slopes and intercepts are also determined. Magnetic moments of doubly heavy s are also calculated."
"If Dark Matter is made of Weakly Interacting Massive Particles (WIMPs) with masses below GeV, the corresponding nuclear recoils in mainstream WIMP experiments are of energies too close, or below, the experimental threshold. Gas Time Projection Chambers (TPCs) can be operated with a variety of target elements, offer good tracking capabilities and, on account of the amplification in gas, very low thresholds are achievable. Recent advances in electronics and in novel radiopure TPC readouts, especially micro-mesh gas structure (Micromegas), are improving the scalability and low-background prospects of gaseous TPCs. Here we present TREX-DM, a prototype to test the concept of a Micromegas-based TPC to search for low-mass WIMPs. The detector is designed to host an active mass of  kg of Ar at 10 bar, or alternatively kg of Ne at 10 bar, with an energy threshold below 0.4 keVee, and is fully built with radiopure materials. We will describe the detector in detail, the results from the commissioning phase on surface, as well as a preliminary background model. The anticipated sensitivity of this technique may go beyond current experimental limits for WIMPs of masses of 2–8 GeV."
"In this paper we address the issue of the non-perturbative quantization of Euclidean Yang–Mills theories in the Curci–Ferrari gauge. In particular, we construct a refined Gribov–Zwanziger action for this gauge, which takes into account the presence of gauge copies as well as the dynamical formation of dimension-two condensates. This action enjoys a non-perturbative BRST symmetry recently proposed in Capri et al. (Phys. Rev. D 92(4), 045039. doi:10.1103/PhysRevD.92.045039. arXiv:1506.06995 [hep-th], 2015). Finally, we pay attention to the gluon propagator in different space-time dimensions."
"We apply the complex de Broglie–Bohm formulation of quantum mechanics in Chou and Wyatt (Phys Rev A 76: 012115, 2007), Gozzi (Phys Lett B 165: 351, 1985), Bhalla et al. (Am J Phys 65: 1187, 1997) to a spatially closed homogeneous and isotropic early universe whose matter contents are radiation and dust perfect fluids. We then show that an expanding classical universe can emerge from an oscillating (with complex scale factor) quantum universe without singularity. Furthermore, the universe obtained in this process has no horizon or flatness problems."
"The performance of the jet trigger for the ATLAS detector at the LHC during the 2011 data taking period is described. During 2011 the LHC provided proton–proton collisions with a centre-of-mass energy of 7 TeV and heavy ion collisions with a 2.76 TeV per nucleon–nucleon collision energy. The ATLAS trigger is a three level system designed to reduce the rate of events from the 40 MHz nominal maximum bunch crossing rate to the approximate 400 Hz which can be written to offline storage. The ATLAS jet trigger is the primary means for the online selection of events containing jets. Events are accepted by the trigger if they contain one or more jets above some transverse energy threshold. During 2011 data taking the jet trigger was fully efficient for jets with transverse energy above 25 GeV for triggers seeded randomly at Level 1. For triggers which require a jet to be identified at each of the three trigger levels, full efficiency is reached for offline jets with transverse energy above 60 GeV. Jets reconstructed in the final trigger level and corresponding to offline jets with transverse energy greater than 60 GeV, are reconstructed with a resolution in transverse energy with respect to offline jets, of better than 4 % in the central region and better than 2.5 % in the forward direction."
"We study the main properties of the warm tachyon inflation model in the framework of the RSII braneworld based on Barrow’s solution for the scale factor of the universe. Within this framework we calculate analytically the basic slow-roll parameters for different versions of warm inflation. We test the performance of this inflationary scenario against the latest observational data and we verify that the predicted spectral index and the tensor-to-scalar fluctuation ratio are in excellent agreement with those of &lt;i&gt;Planck 2015&lt;i/&gt;. Finally, we find that the current predictions are consistent with those of viable inflationary models."
"We present a family of new exact solutions for relativistic anisotropic stellar objects by considering a four-dimensional spacetime embedded in a five-dimensional pseudo Euclidean space, known as Class I solutions. These solutions are well behaved in all respects, satisfy all energy conditions, and the resulting compactness parameter is also within Buchdahl limit. The well-behaved nature of the solutions for a particular star solely depends on the index &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt;. We have discussed the solutions in detail for the neutron star XTE J1739-285 ( km). For this particular star, the solution is well behaved in all respects for . However, the solutions with possess an increasing trend of the sound speed and the solutions belonging to disobey the causality condition. Further, the well-behaved nature of the solutions for PSR J0348+0432 ( km), EXO 1785-248 (1.3, 8.85 km), and Her X-1 (0.85, 8.1 km) are specified by the index &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt; with limits , , and , respectively."
"Motivated by the rapid development of heavy-flavor experiments, phenomenological studies of nonleptonic and  () decays are performed within the framework of QCD factorization. Relative to the previous work, the QCD corrections to the transverse amplitudes are evaluated at next-to-leading order. The theoretical predictions of the observables are updated. For the measured decays, the tensions between theoretical results and experimental measurements, &lt;i&gt;i.e.&lt;i/&gt; the “ puzzle” and “ (or ) puzzle”, are presented after detailed analyses. For the decays, they have relatively large branching fractions of the order and are in the scope of Belle-II and LHCb experiments. Moreover, they also provide a way to crosscheck the possible puzzles mentioned above through the similar ratios and . More refined experimental measurements and theoretical efforts are required to confirm or refute such two anomalies."
"The R-matrix method is implemented to study the heavy charm and bottom diquark, triquark, tetraquark, and pentaquarks in configuration space, as the bound states of quark–antiquark, diquark–quark, diquark–antidiquark, and diquark–antitriquark systems, respectively. The mass spectrum and the size of these systems are calculated for different partial wave channels. The calculated masses are compared with recent theoretical results obtained by other methods in momentum and configuration spaces and also by available experimental data."
"The thermal properties of the light decuplet baryons are investigated in the framework of the thermal QCD sum rules. In particular, the behavior of the mass and residue of the , , , and baryons with respect to temperature are analyzed taking into account the additional operators appearing in the Wilson expansion at finite temperature. It is found that the mass and residue of these particles remain overall unaffected up to  MeV but, beyond this point, they start to diminish considerably."
"We present a model which describes proton scattering data from ISR to Tevatron energies, and which can be applied to collimation in high energy accelerators, such as the LHC and FCC. Collimators remove beam halo particles, so that they do not impinge on vulnerable regions of the machine, such as the superconducting magnets and the experimental areas. In simulating the effect of the collimator jaws it is crucial to model the scattering of protons at small momentum transfer &lt;i&gt;t&lt;i/&gt;, as these protons can subsequently survive several turns of the ring before being lost. At high energies these soft processes are well described by Pomeron exchange models. We study the behaviour of elastic and single-diffractive dissociation cross sections over a wide range of energy, and show that the model can be used as a global description of the wide variety of high energy elastic and diffractive data presently available. In particular it models low mass diffraction dissociation, where a rich resonance structure is present, and thus predicts the differential and integrated cross sections in the kinematical range appropriate to the LHC. We incorporate the physics of this model into the beam tracking code MERLIN and use it to simulate the resulting loss maps of the beam halo lost in the collimators in the LHC."
"In this paper we consider a flat FLRW universe with bulk viscous Zel’dovich fluid as the cosmic component. Considering the bulk viscosity as characterized by a constant bulk viscous coefficient, we analyze the evolution of the Hubble parameter. Type Ia Supernovae data is used for constraining the model and for extracting the constant bulk viscous parameter and present the Hubble parameter. We also present the analysis of the scale factor, equation of state, and deceleration parameter. The model predicts the later time acceleration and is also compatible with the age of the universe as given by the oldest globular clusters. Study of the phase-space behavior of the model shows that a universe dominated by bulk viscous Zel’dovich fluid is stable. But the inclusion of a radiation component in addition to the Zel’dovich fluid makes the model unstable. Hence, even though the bulk viscous Zel’dovich fluid dominated universe is a feasible one, the model as such fails to predict a prior radiation dominated phase."
"We present an unbiased determination of the charm content of the proton, in which the charm parton distribution function (PDF) is parametrized on the same footing as the light quarks and the gluon in a global PDF analysis. This determination relies on the NLO calculation of deep-inelastic structure functions in the FONLL scheme, generalized to account for massive charm-initiated contributions. When the EMC charm structure function dataset is included, it is well described by the fit, and PDF uncertainties in the fitted charm PDF are significantly reduced. We then find that the fitted charm PDF vanishes within uncertainties at a scale  GeV for all , independent of the value of used in the coefficient functions. We also find some evidence that the charm PDF at large and low scales does not vanish, but rather has an “intrinsic” component, very weakly scale dependent and almost independent of the value of , carrying less than of the total momentum of the proton. The uncertainties in all other PDFs are only slightly increased by the inclusion of fitted charm, while the dependence of these PDFs on is reduced. The increased stability with respect to persists at high scales and is the main implication of our results for LHC phenomenology. Our results show that if the EMC data are correct, then the usual approach in which charm is perturbatively generated leads to biased results for the charm PDF, though at small &lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt; this bias could be reabsorbed if the uncertainty due to the charm mass and missing higher orders were included. We show that LHC data for processes, such as high and large rapidity charm pair production and production, have the potential to confirm or disprove the implications of the EMC data."
"We study a warm-tachyon inflationary model non-minimally coupled to a Gauss–Bonnet term. The general conditions required for reliability of the model are obtained by considerations of a combined hierarchy of Hubble and Gauss–Bonnet flow functions. The perturbed equations are comprehensively derived in the longitudinal gauge in the presence of slow-roll and quasi-stable conditions. General expressions for observable quantities of interest such as the tensor-to-scalar ratio, scalar spectral index and its running are found in the high dissipation regime. Finally, the model is solved using exponential and inverse power-law potentials, which satisfy the properties of a tachyon potential, with parameters of the model being constrained within the framework of the Planck 2015 data. We show that the Gauss–Bonnet coupling constant controls termination of inflation in such a way as to be in good agreement with the Planck 2015 data."
"Determining the masses of new physics particles appearing in decay chains is an important and longstanding problem in high energy phenomenology. Recently it has been shown that these mass measurements can be improved by utilizing the boundary of the allowed region in the fully differentiable phase space in its full dimensionality. Here we show that the practical challenge of identifying this boundary can be solved using techniques based on the geometric properties of the cells resulting from Voronoi tessellations of the relevant data. The robust detection of such phase-space boundaries in the data could also be used to corroborate a new physics discovery based on a cut-and-count analysis."
"During the process of structure formation in the universe matter is converted into radiation through a variety of processes such as light from stars, infrared radiation from cosmic dust, and gravitational waves from binary black holes/neutron stars and supernova explosions. The production of this astrophysical radiation background (ARB) could affect the expansion rate of the universe and the growth of perturbations. Here, we aim at understanding to which level one can constraint the ARB using future cosmological observations. We model the energy transfer from matter to radiation through an effective interaction between matter and astrophysical radiation. Using future supernova data from large synoptic survey telescope and growth-rate data from Euclid we find that the ARB density parameter is constrained, at the 95% confidence level, to be . Estimates of the energy density produced by well-known astrophysical processes give roughly . Therefore, we conclude that cosmological observations will only be able to constrain exotic or not-well understood sources of radiation."
"We study optical effects in quintessential Kerr black hole spacetimes corresponding to the limiting case of the equation-of-state parameter of the quintessence. In dependence on the dimensionless quintessential field parameter &lt;i&gt;c&lt;i/&gt;, we determine the black hole silhouette and the spectral line profiles of Keplerian disks generated in this special quintessential Kerr geometry, representing an extension of the general modifications of the Kerr geometry introduced recently by Ghasemi-Nodehi and Bambi (Eur. Phys. J. C 56:#290, 2016). We demonstrate that due to the influence of the parameter &lt;i&gt;c&lt;i/&gt;, the silhouette is almost homogeneously enlarged, and the spectral line profiles are redshifted with almost conserved shape."
"The ATLAS measurement of the inclusive top quark pair () cross-section in proton–proton collisions at   has been updated using the final 2012 luminosity calibration. The updated cross-section result is: where the four uncertainties arise from data statistics, experimental and theoretical systematic effects, knowledge of the integrated luminosity and of the LHC beam energy. The result is consistent with theoretical QCD calculations at next-to-next-to-leading order. The measurement of the ratio of cross-sections at   and  , and the   fiducial measurement corresponding to the experimental acceptance of the leptons, have also been updated."
"The Bañados et al. (Phys. Rev. Lett 69:1849, 1992), black hole solution is revamped from the Einstein field equations in (2 + 1)-dimensional anti-de Sitter spacetime, in a context of noncommutative geometry (Phys. Rev. D 87:084014, 2013). In this article, we explore the exact gravastar solutions in three-dimensional anti-de Sitter space given in the same geometry. As a first step we derive BTZ solution assuming the source of energy density as point-like structures in favor of smeared objects, where the particle mass M, is diffused throughout a region of linear size and is described by a Gaussian function of finite width rather than a Dirac delta function. We matched our interior solution to an exterior BTZ spacetime at a junction interface situated outside the event horizon. Furthermore, a stability analysis is carried out for the specific case when under radial perturbations about the static equilibrium solutions. To give theoretical support we are also trying to explore their physical properties and characteristics."
"The aim of this paper is to introduce a new modified gravity theory named gravity ( and &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt; are the Gauss–Bonnet invariant and trace of the energy-momentum tensor, respectively) and investigate energy conditions for two reconstructed models in the context of FRW universe. We formulate general field equations, divergence of energy-momentum tensor, equation of motion for test particles as well as corresponding energy conditions. The massive test particles follow non-geodesic lines of geometry due to the presence of an extra force. We express the energy conditions in terms of cosmological parameters like the deceleration, jerk, and snap parameters. The reconstruction technique is applied to this theory using de Sitter and power-law cosmological solutions. We analyze the energy bounds and obtain feasible constraints on the free parameters."
"The background field method is used to linearize the Weyl-invariant scalar–tensor gravity, coupled with a Stückelberg field. For a generic background metric, this action is found &lt;i&gt;not&lt;i/&gt; to be invariant, under both a diffeomorphism and generalized Weyl symmetry, the latter being a combination of gauge and Weyl transformations. Interestingly, the quadratic Lagrangian, emerging from a background of Minkowski metric, respects both transformations &lt;i&gt;independently&lt;i/&gt;. The Becchi–Rouet–Stora–Tyutin symmetry of scalar–tensor gravity coupled with a Stückelberg-like massive gauge particle, possessing a diffeomorphism and generalized Weyl symmetry, reveals that in both cases negative-norm states with unphysical degrees of freedom &lt;i&gt;do&lt;i/&gt; exist. We then show that, by combining diffeomorphism and generalized Weyl symmetries, all the ghost states decouple, thereby removing the unphysical redundancies of the theory. During this process, the scalar field does not represent any dynamic mode, yet modifies the &lt;i&gt;usual&lt;i/&gt; harmonic gauge condition through non-minimal coupling with gravity."
"We explore thermodynamic properties of a new class of Horndeski black holes whose action contains a non-minimal kinetic coupling of a massless real scalar and the Einstein tensor. Our treatment is based on the well-accepted consideration, where the cosmological constant is dealt with as thermodynamic pressure and the mass of black holes as thermodynamic enthalpy. We resort to a newly introduced intensive thermodynamic variable, i.e., the coupling strength of the scalar and tensor whose dimension is length square, and thus yield both the generalized first law of thermodynamics and the generalized Smarr relation. Our result indicates that this class of Horndeski black holes presents rich thermodynamic behaviors and critical phenomena. Especially in the case of the presence of an electric field, these black holes undergo two phase transitions. Once the charge parameter exceeds its critical value, or the cosmological parameter does not exceed its critical value, no phase transitions happen and the black holes are stable. As a by-product, we point out, the coupling strength acts as the thermodynamic pressure in thermodynamics."
"The exponential parameterization of the Pontecorvo–Maki–Nakagawa–Sakata mixing matrix for neutrino is used for a comparative analysis of different neutrino mixing data. The &lt;b&gt;U&lt;b/&gt; matrix is considered as the element of the SU(3) group and the second-order matrix polynomial is constructed for it. The inverse problem of constructing the logarithm of the mixing matrix is addressed. In this way the standard parameterization is exactly related to the exponential parameterization. The exponential form allows easy factorization and separate analysis of the rotation and the CP violation. With the most recent experimental data on neutrino mixing (May 2016), we calculate the values of the exponential parameterization matrix for neutrinos with account for the CP violation. The complementarity hypothesis for quarks and neutrinos is demonstrated to hold, despite a significant change in the neutrino mixing data. The values of the entries of the exponential mixing matrix are evaluated with account for the actual degree of the CP violation in neutrino mixing and without it. Various factorizations of the CP-violating term are investigated in the framework of the exponential parameterization."
"We analyze the energy spectra of &lt;i&gt;single&lt;i/&gt; &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-jets and &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt;-hadrons resulting from the production and decay of top quarks within the SM at the LHC at the NLO QCD. For both hadrons and jets, we calculate the correlation of the peak of the spectrum with the top quark mass, considering the “energy peak” as an observable to determine the top quark mass. Such a method is motivated by our previous work where we argued that this approach can have reduced sensitivity to the details of the production mechanism of the top quark, whether it concerns higher-order QCD effects or new physics contributions. For a 1% jet energy scale uncertainty, the top quark mass can then be extracted using the energy peak of &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-jets with an error . In view of the dominant jet energy scale uncertainty in the measurement using &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-jets, we also investigate the extraction of the top quark mass from the energy peak of the corresponding &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt;-hadrons which, in principle, can be measured without this uncertainty. The calculation of the &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt;-hadron energy spectrum is carried out using fragmentation functions at NLO. The dependence on the fragmentation scale turns out to be the largest theoretical uncertainty in this extraction of top quark mass."
"Measurements of multiplicity and transverse momentum fluctuations of charged particles were performed in inelastic p+p interactions at 20, 31, 40, 80, and 158  beam momentum. Results for the scaled variance of the multiplicity distribution and for three strongly intensive measures of multiplicity and transverse momentum fluctuations , and are presented. For the first time the results on fluctuations are fully corrected for experimental biases. The results on multiplicity and transverse momentum fluctuations significantly deviate from expectations for the independent particle production. They also depend on charges of selected hadrons. The string-resonance Monte Carlo models Epos and Urqmd do not describe the data. The scaled variance of multiplicity fluctuations is significantly higher in inelastic p+p interactions than in central Pb+Pb collisions measured by NA49 at the same energy per nucleon. This is in qualitative disagreement with the predictions of the Wounded Nucleon Model. Within the statistical framework the enhanced multiplicity fluctuations in inelastic p+p interactions can be interpreted as due to event-by-event fluctuations of the fireball energy and/or volume."
"We propose a 3-3-1 model where the symmetry is extended by and the scalar spectrum is enlarged by extra singlet scalar fields. The model successfully describes the observed SM fermion mass and mixing pattern. In this framework, the light active neutrino masses arise via an inverse seesaw mechanism and the observed charged fermion mass and quark mixing hierarchy is a consequence of the symmetry breaking at very high energy. The obtained physical observables for both quark and lepton sectors are compatible with their experimental values. The model predicts the effective Majorana neutrino mass parameter of neutrinoless double beta decay to be 4 and 48 meV for the normal and the inverted neutrino spectra, respectively. Furthermore, we found a leptonic Dirac CP-violating phase close to and a Jarlskog invariant close to about for both normal and inverted neutrino mass hierarchy."
"The perturbative QCD expansion for photoproduction appears to be unstable: the NLO correction is large (and of opposite sign) to the LO contribution. Moreover, the predictions are very sensitive to the choice of factorisation and renormalisation scales. Here we show that perturbative stability is greatly improved by imposing a cut’ on the NLO coefficient functions; a cut which is required to avoid double counting. is the input scale used in the parton DGLAP evolution. This result opens the possibility of high precision exclusive data in the forward direction at the LHC being able to determine the low &lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt; gluon distribution at low scales."
"Using the concept of a 3-Lie bialgebra, which has recently been defined in arXiv:1604.04475, we construct a Bagger–Lambert–Gustavson (BLG) model for the M2-brane on a Manin triple of a special 3-Lie bialgebra. Then by using the correspondence and the relation between those 3-Lie bialgebra with Lie bialgebra, we reduce this model to an WZW model (D2-brane), such that its algebraic structure is a Lie bialgebra with one 2-cocycle. In this manner by using the correspondence of the 3-Lie bialgebra and Lie bialgebra (for this special 3-Lie algebra) one can construct the M2-brane from a D2-brane and vice versa."
"In this work we consider a family of cosmological models featuring future singularities. This type of cosmological evolution is typical of dark energy models with an equation of state violating some of the standard energy conditions (e.g. the null energy condition). Such a kind of behavior, widely studied in the literature, may arise in cosmologies with phantom fields, theories of modified gravity or models with interacting dark matter/dark energy. We briefly review the physical consequences of these cosmological evolution regarding geodesic completeness and the divergence of tidal forces in order to emphasize under which circumstances the singularities in some cosmological quantities correspond to actual singular spacetimes. We then introduce several phenomenological parameterizations of the Hubble expansion rate to model different singularities existing in the literature and use SN Ia, BAO and &lt;i&gt;H&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;) data to constrain how far in the future the singularity needs to be (under some reasonable assumptions on the behavior of the Hubble factor). We show that, for our family of parameterizations, the lower bound for the singularity time cannot be smaller than about 1.2 times the age of the universe, what roughly speaking means  Gyrs from the present time."
"This paper investigates the shadow of a charged rotating non-commutative black hole. For this purpose, we first formulate the null geodesics and study the effects of a non-commutative charge on the photon orbit. We then explore the effect of spin, angle of inclination as well as non-commutative charge on the silhouette of the shadow. It is found that shape of the shadow deviates from the circle with the decrease in the non-commutative charge. We also discuss observable quantities to study the deformation and distortion in the shadow cast by the black hole which decreases for small values of a non-commutative charge. Finally, we study the shadows in the presence of plasma. We conclude that the non-commutativity has a great impact on the black hole shadow."
"A generalized teleparallel cosmological model, , containing the torsion scalar &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt; and the teleparallel counterpart of the Gauss–Bonnet topological invariant , is studied in the framework of the Noether symmetry approach. As gravity, where is the Gauss–Bonnet topological invariant and &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt; is the Ricci curvature scalar, exhausts all the curvature information that one can construct from the Riemann tensor, in the same way, contains all the possible information directly related to the torsion tensor. In this paper, we discuss how the Noether symmetry approach allows one to fix the form of the function and to derive exact cosmological solutions."
"Motivated by recent experimental progress in studying weak decays of the baryon we investigate its semileptonic decays in the framework of the relativistic quark model based on the quasipotential approach with the QCD-motivated potential. The form factors of the and decays are calculated in the whole accessible kinematical region without extrapolations and additional model assumptions. Relativistic effects are systematically taken into account including transformations of baryon wave functions from the rest to moving reference frame and contributions of the intermediate negative-energy states. Baryon wave functions found in the previous mass spectrum calculations are used for the numerical evaluation. Comprehensive predictions for decay rates, asymmetries and polarization parameters are given. They agree well with available experimental data."
"In the present paper we have developed a Non-Commutative (NC) generalization of perfect fluid model from first principles, in a Hamiltonian framework. The noncommutativity is introduced at the Lagrangian (particle) coordinate space brackets and the induced NC fluid bracket algebra for the Eulerian (fluid) field variables is derived. Together with a Hamiltonian this NC algebra generates the generalized fluid dynamics that satisfies exact local conservation laws for mass and energy, thereby maintaining mass and energy conservation. However, nontrivial NC correction terms appear in the charge and energy fluxes. Other non-relativistic spacetime symmetries of the NC fluid are also discussed in detail. This constitutes the study of kinematics and dynamics of NC fluid. In the second part we construct an extension of the Friedmann–Robertson–Walker (FRW) cosmological model based on the NC fluid dynamics presented here. We outline the way in which NC effects generate cosmological perturbations bringing about anisotropy and inhomogeneity in the model. We also derive a NC extended Friedmann equation."
"In recent years, some studies have drawn attention to the lack of large-angle correlations in the observed cosmic microwave background (CMB) temperature anisotropies with respect to that predicted within the standard CDM model. Lately, it has been argued that such a lack of correlations could be explained in the framework of the so-called model without inflation. The aim of this work is to study whether there is a mechanism to generate, through a quantum field theory, the primordial power spectrum presented by these authors. Specifically, we consider two different scenarios: first, we assume a scalar field dominating the early Universe in the cosmological model, and second, we deal with the possibility of adding an early inflationary phase to the mentioned model. During the analysis of the consistency between the predicted and observed amplitudes of the CMB temperature anisotropies in both scenarios, we run into deep issues which indicate that it is not clear how to characterize the primordial quantum perturbations within the model."
"We derive formulas for the classical Chern–Simons invariant of irreducible &lt;i&gt;SU&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt;)-flat connections on negatively curved locally symmetric three-manifolds. We determine the condition for which the theory remains consistent (with basic physical principles). We show that a connection between holomorphic values of Selberg-type functions at point zero, associated with R-torsion of the flat bundle, and twisted Dirac operators acting on negatively curved manifolds, can be interpreted by means of the Chern–Simons invariant. On the basis of the Labastida–Mariño–Ooguri–Vafa conjecture we analyze a representation of the Chern–Simons quantum partition function (as a generating series of quantum group invariants) in the form of an infinite product weighted by S-functions and Selberg-type functions. We consider the case of links and a knot and use the Rogers approach to discover certain symmetry and modular form identities."
"Inspired by the discovery of two pentaquarks and at the LHCb detector, we study possible hidden-charm molecular pentaquarks in the framework of quark delocalization color screening model. Our results suggest that both with and with are bounded by channels coupling. However, with may be a resonance state in the &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt;-wave scattering process. Moreover, can be explained as the molecular pentaquark of with quantum numbers . The state with is a resonance, it may not be a good candidate of the observed because of the opposite parity of the state to , although the mass of the state is not far from the experimental value. In addition, the calculation is extended to the hidden-bottom pentaquarks, and similar properties to that of hidden-charm pentaquarks system are obtained."
"We explore the method of using the measured jet activity associated with a high-mass resonance state to determine the corresponding production modes. To demonstrate the potential of the approach, we consider the case of a resonance of mass decaying to a diphoton final state. We perform a Monte Carlo study, considering three mass points TeV, and show that the , &lt;i&gt;WW&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;gg&lt;i/&gt; and light and heavy initiated cases lead to distinct predictions for the jet multiplicity distributions. As an example, we apply this result to the ATLAS search for resonances in diphoton events, using the 2015 data set of at TeV. Taking the spin-0 selection, we demonstrate that a dominantly &lt;i&gt;gg&lt;i/&gt;-initiated signal hypothesis is mildly disfavoured, while the and light quark cases give good descriptions within the limited statistics, and a dominantly &lt;i&gt;WW&lt;i/&gt;-initiated hypothesis is found to be in strong tension with the data. We also comment on the initial state, which can already be constrained by the measured &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-jet multiplicity. Finally, we present expected exclusion limits with integrated luminosity, and demonstrate that with just a few 10s of we can expect to constrain the production modes of such a resonance."
"The effects of an external time-dependent magnetic field in the conversion probability of photon- to axion-like particles are studied. Our findings show that for a certain time regime, the amplitude of the produced axion-like field can be enlarged with respect to the static case, thus enhancing the probability of conversion."
"We study a new approach for the wormhole construction in Einstein–Born–Infeld gravity, which does not require exotic matters in the Einstein equation. The Born–Infeld field equation is not modified by coordinate independent conditions of continuous metric tensor and its derivatives, even though the Born–Infeld fields have discontinuities in their derivatives at the throat in general. We study the relation of the newly introduced conditions with the usual continuity equation for the energy-momentum tensor and the gravitational Bianchi identity. We find that there is no violation of energy conditions for the Born–Infeld fields contrary to the usual approaches. The exoticity of the energy-momentum tensor is not essential for sustaining wormholes. Some open problems are discussed."
"We present the particle creation probability rate around a general black hole as an outcome of quantum fluctuations. Using the uncertainty principle for these fluctuation, we derive a new ultraviolet frequency cutoff for the radiation spectrum of a dynamical black hole. Using this frequency cutoff, we define the probability creation rate function for such black holes. We consider a dynamical Vaidya model and calculate the probability creation rate for this case when its horizon is in a slowly evolving phase. Our results show that one can expect the usual Hawking radiation emission process in the case of a dynamical black hole when it has a slowly evolving horizon. Moreover, calculating the probability rate for a dynamical black hole gives a measure of when Hawking radiation can be killed off by an incoming flux of matter or radiation. Our result strictly suggests that we have to revise the Hawking radiation expectation for primordial black holes that have grown substantially since they were created in the early universe. We also infer that this frequency cut off can be a parameter that shows the primordial black hole growth at the emission moment."
"A search for Pauli-exclusion-principle-violating K electron transitions was performed using 89.5 kg-d of data collected with a p-type point contact high-purity germanium detector operated at the Kimballton Underground Research Facility. A lower limit on the transition lifetime of  s at 90% C.L. was set by looking for a peak at 10.6 keV resulting from the X-ray and Auger electrons present following the transition. A similar analysis was done to look for the decay of atomic K-shell electrons into neutrinos, resulting in a lower limit of  s at 90% C.L. It is estimated that the Majorana Demonstrator, a 44 kg array of p-type point contact detectors that will search for the neutrinoless double-beta decay of Ge, could improve upon these exclusion limits by an order of magnitude after three years of operation."
"It is believed that large-&lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt; thermal QCD laboratories like strongly coupled QGP (sQGP) require not only a large ‘t Hooft coupling but also a finite gauge coupling (Natsuume, String theory and quark–gluon plasma. arXiv:hep-ph/0701201, 2007). Unlike almost all top–down holographic models in the literature, holographic large-&lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt; thermal QCD models, based on this assumption, therefore necessarily require addressing this limit from M-theory. This was initiated in Dhuria and Misra (JHEP 1311:001, 2013) which presented a local M-theory uplift of the string theoretic dual of large-&lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt; thermal QCD-like theories at finite gauge/string coupling of Mia et al. (Nucl. Phys. B 839:187, arXiv:0902.1540 [hep-th], 2010) ( as part of the ‘MQGP’ limit of Dhuria and Misra in JHEP 1311:001, arXiv:1306.4339 [hep-th], 2013). Understanding and classifying the properties of systems like sQGP from a top–down holographic model, assuming a finite gauge coupling, have been entirely missing in the literature. In this paper we largely address the following two non-trivial issues pertaining to the same. First, up to LO in &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt; (the number of &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt;3-branes), by calculating the temperature dependence of the thermal (and electrical) conductivity and the consequent deviation from the Wiedemann–Franz law, upon comparison with Garg et al. (Phys. Rev. Lett. 103:096402, 2009), we show that, remarkably, the results qualitatively mimic a 1+1-dimensional Luttinger liquid with impurities. Second, by looking at, respectively, the scalar, vector, and tensor modes of metric perturbations and using the prescription of Kovtun and Starinets (Phys. Rev. D 72:086009, arXiv:hep-th/0506184, 2005) for constructing appropriate gauge-invariant perturbations, we obtain the non-conformal corrections to the conformal results (but at finite ), respectively, for the speed of sound, the shear mode diffusion constant, and the shear viscosity (and ). The new insight gained is that it turns out that these corrections show a partial universality in the sense that at NLO in &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt; the same are given by the product of and , being the number of flavor &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt;7-branes and &lt;i&gt;M&lt;i/&gt; the number of fractional &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt;3-branes = the number of colors = 3 in the IR after the end of a Seiberg-duality cascade. On the mathematics side, using the results of Ionel and Min-OO (Ill. J. Math. 52, 2008), at LO in &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt; we finish our argument of Dhuria and Misra (Eur. Phys. J. C 75:16, 2015) and show that for a predominantly resolved (resolution &gt; deformation – this paper) or deformed (deformation &gt; resolution – Dhuria and Misra in Eur Phys J C 75(1):16, arXiv:1406.6076 [hep-th], 2015) resolved warped deformed conifold, the local of Dhuria and Misra (JHEP 1311:001, arXiv:1306.4339 [hep-th], 2013) in the MQGP limit is the -invariant special Lagrangian three-cycle of Ionel and Min-OO (Ill J Math 52(3), 2008) justifying the construction in Dhuria and Misra (JHEP 1311:001, arXiv:1306.4339 [hep-th], 2013) of the delocalized Strominger–Yau–Zaslow Type IIA mirror of the Type IIB background of Mia et al. (Nucl Phys B 839:187, arXiv:0902.1540 [hep-th], 2010)."
"Measurements of particle emission from a replica of the T2K 90 cm-long carbon target were performed in the NA61/SHINE experiment at CERN SPS, using data collected during a high-statistics run in 2009. An efficient use of the long-target measurements for neutrino flux predictions in T2K requires dedicated reconstruction and analysis techniques. Fully-corrected differential yields of -mesons from the surface of the T2K replica target for incoming 31 GeV/&lt;i&gt;c&lt;i/&gt; protons are presented. A possible strategy to implement these results into the T2K neutrino beam predictions is discussed and the propagation of the uncertainties of these results to the final neutrino flux is performed."
"With the non-local observables such as two point correlation function and holographic entanglement entropy, we probe the phase structure of the Born–Infeld–anti-de Sitter black holes. For the case , where &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt; is the Born–Infeld parameter and &lt;i&gt;Q&lt;i/&gt; is the charge of the black hole, the phase structure is found to be similar to that of the Van der Waals phase transition, namely the black hole undergoes a first order phase transition and a second order phase transition before it reaches a stable phase. While for the case , a new phase branch emerges besides the Van der Waals phase transition. For the first order phase transition, the equal area law is checked, and for the second order phase transition, the critical exponent of the heat capacity is obtained. All these results are found to be the same as that observed in the entropy–temperature plane."
"We study charged lepton flavor-violating (LFV) transitions in the color octet model that generates neutrino mass and lepton mixing at one loop. By taking into account neutrino oscillation data and assuming octet particles of TeV scale mass, we examine the feasibility to detect these transitions in current and future experiments. We find that for general values of parameters the branching ratios for LFV decays of the Higgs and &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; bosons are far below current and even future experimental bounds. For LFV transitions of the muon, the present bounds can be satisfied generally, while future sensitivities could distinguish between the singlet and triplet color-octet fermions. The triplet case could be ruled out by future conversion in nuclei, and for the singlet case the conversion and the decays play complementary roles in excluding relatively low-mass regions of the octet particles."
"We present an extension of the Geneva Monte Carlo framework to include multiple parton interactions (MPI) provided by Pythia8. This allows us to obtain predictions for underlying-event sensitive measurements in Drell–Yan production, in conjunction with Geneva ’s fully differential calculation, resummation for the 0-jet resolution variable (beam thrust), and resummation for the 1-jet resolution variable. We describe the interface with the parton-shower algorithm and MPI model of Pythia8, which preserves both the precision of the partonic &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt;-jet cross sections in Geneva as well as the shower accuracy and good description of soft hadronic physics of Pythia8. We present results for several underlying-event sensitive observables and compare to data from ATLAS and CMS as well as to standalone Pythia8 predictions. This includes a comparison with the recent ATLAS measurement of the beam thrust spectrum, which provides a potential avenue to fully disentangle the physical effects from the primary hard interaction, primary soft radiation, multiple parton interactions, and nonperturbative hadronization."
"The total &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt;-boson decay width is an important observable which allows testing of the standard model. The current world average value is based on direct measurements of final state kinematic properties of &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt;-boson decays, and has a relative uncertainty of 2%. The indirect determination of via the cross-section measurements of vector-boson production can lead to a similar accuracy. The same methodology leads also to a determination of the leptonic branching ratio. This approach has been successfully pursued by the CDF and D0 experiments at the Tevatron collider, as well as by the CMS collaboration at the LHC. In this paper we present for the first time a combination of the available measurements at hadron colliders, accounting for the correlations of the associated systematic uncertainties. Our combination leads to values of and  MeV, respectively, both compatible with the current world averages."
"In this paper we investigate the corrections of vacuum nonlinear electrodynamics on rapidly rotating pulsar radiation and spin-down in the perturbative QED approach (post-Maxwellian approximation). An analytical expression for the pulsar’s radiation intensity has been obtained and analyzed."
"We discuss the partition function of a single M5-brane on a circle with transverse orbifold of ADE type and show that the modes captured by the partition function are those of the tensor multiplet and the three form field. We show that the bound states of M-strings corresponding to pair of simple roots appear, for all ADE, only when the momentum on the circle is turned on."
"Recently it has been introduced an algorithm for the Baker–Campbell–Hausdorff (BCH) formula, which extends the Van-Brunt and Visser recent results, leading to new closed forms of BCH formula. More recently, it has been shown that there are &lt;i&gt;13 types&lt;i/&gt; of such commutator algebras. We show, by providing the explicit solutions, that these include the generators of the semisimple complex Lie algebras. More precisely, for any pair, &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt; of the Cartan–Weyl basis, we find &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt;, linear combination of &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;, such that The derivation of such closed forms follows, in part, by using the above mentioned recent results. The complete derivation is provided by considering the structure of the root system. Furthermore, if &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;, and &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; are three generators of the Cartan–Weyl basis, we find, for a wide class of cases, &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt;, a linear combination of &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt;, such that It turns out that the relevant commutator algebras are &lt;i&gt;type 1c-i&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;type 4&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;type 5&lt;i/&gt;. A key result concerns an iterative application of the algorithm leading to relevant extensions of the cases admitting closed forms of the BCH formula. Here we provide the main steps of such an iteration that will be developed in a forthcoming paper."
"We develop a formalism for the photon emission from the quark–gluon plasma with an external electromagnetic field. We then use it to investigate the effect of the magnetic field on the photon emission from the quark–gluon plasma created in &lt;i&gt;AA&lt;i/&gt; collisions. We find that even for a very optimistic assumption on the magnitude of the magnetic field generated in &lt;i&gt;AA&lt;i/&gt; collisions its effect on the photon emission rate is practically negligible. For this reason the magnetic field cannot generate a significant azimuthal asymmetry in the photon spectrum."
"Recently, Ali and Khalil (Nucl Phys B, 909, 173–185, 2016), based on Bohmian quantum mechanics, derived a quantum corrected version of the Schwarzschild metric. In this paper, we construct a quantum corrected Schwarzschild thin-shell wormhole (QSTSW) and investigate the stability of this wormhole. First we compute the surface stress at the wormhole throat by applying the Darmois–Israel formalism to the modified Schwarzschild metric and show that exotic matter is required at the throat to keep the wormhole stable. We then study the stability analysis of the wormhole by considering phantom-energy for the exotic matter, generalized Chaplygin gas (GCG), and the linearized stability analysis. It is argued that quantum corrections can affect the stability domain of the wormhole."
"In the framework of our model of soft interactions at high energy based on the CGC/saturation approach, we show that Bose–Einstein correlations of identical gluons lead to large values of . We demonstrate how three dimensional scales of high energy interactions, hadron radius, typical size of the wave function in diffractive production of small masses (size of the constituent quark), and the saturation momentum, influence the values of BE correlations, and in particular, the values of . Our calculation shows that the structure of the ‘dressed’ Pomeron leads to values of which are close to experimental values for proton–proton scattering, 20 % smaller than the observed values for proton–lead collisions and close to lead–lead collisions for 0–10 % centrality. Bearing this result in mind, we conclude that it is premature to consider that the appearance of long range rapidity azimuthal correlations are due only to the hydrodynamical behaviour of the quark–gluon plasma."
"We study the dynamics of cosmological models with a time dependent cosmological term. We consider five classes of models; two with the non-covariant parametrization of the cosmological term : CDM cosmologies, CDM cosmologies, and three with the covariant parametrization of : CDM cosmologies, where &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;t&lt;i/&gt;) is the Ricci scalar, -cosmologies with diffusion, -cosmologies, where is a kinetic part of the density of the scalar field. We also consider the case of an emergent relation obtained from the behaviour of trajectories in a neighbourhood of an invariant submanifold. In the study of the dynamics we used dynamical system methods for investigating how an evolutionary scenario can depend on the choice of special initial conditions. We show that the methods of dynamical systems allow one to investigate all admissible solutions of a running cosmology for all initial conditions. We interpret Alcaniz and Lima’s approach as a scaling cosmology. We formulate the idea of an emergent cosmological term derived directly from an approximation of the exact dynamics. We show that some non-covariant parametrization of the cosmological term like , gives rise to the non-physical behaviour of trajectories in the phase space. This behaviour disappears if the term is emergent from the covariant parametrization."
"This paper presents a dedicated search for exotic decays of the Higgs boson to a pair of new spin-zero particles, , where the particle &lt;i&gt;a&lt;i/&gt; decays to &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-quarks and has a mass in the range of 20–60 GeV. The search is performed in events where the Higgs boson is produced in association with a boson, giving rise to a signature of a lepton (electron or muon), missing transverse momentum, and multiple jets from &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-quark decays. The analysis is based on the full dataset of &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collisions at recorded in 2015 by the ATLAS detector at the CERN Large Hadron Collider, corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 3.2 . No significant excess of events above the Standard Model prediction is observed, and a confidence-level upper limit is derived for the product of the production cross section for times the branching ratio for the decay . The upper limit ranges from 6.2 pb for an &lt;i&gt;a&lt;i/&gt;-boson mass to 1.5 pb for ."
"We analyse the rare kaon decays and in a dispersive framework in which the weak Hamiltonian carries momentum. Our analysis extends predictions from lowest order chiral perturbation theory (PT) to fully account for effects from final-state interactions, and is free from ambiguities associated with extrapolating the kaon off-shell. Given input from and , we solve the once-subtracted dispersion relations numerically to predict the rates for and . In the leptonic modes, we find sizeable corrections to the PT predictions for the integrated rates."
"We carry out a study of the exterior of an axially and reflection symmetric source of gravitational radiation. The exterior of such a source is filled with a null fluid produced by the dissipative processes inherent to the emission of gravitational radiation, thereby representing a generalization of the Vaidya metric for axially and reflection symmetric space-times. The role of the vorticity, and its relationship with the presence of gravitational radiation is put in evidence. The spherically symmetric case (Vaidya) is, asymptotically, recovered within the context of the formalism."
"We give an explicit QCD sum rule investigation for hidden-charm baryonium states with the quark content , spin , and of both positive and negative parities. We systematically construct the relevant local hidden-charm baryonium interpolating currents, which can actually couple to various structures, including hidden-charm baryonium states, charmonium states plus two pions, and hidden-charm tetraquark states plus one pion, etc. We do not know which structure these currents couple to at the beginning, but after sum rule analyses we can obtain some information. We find some of them can couple to hidden-charm baryonium states, using which we evaluate the masses of the lowest-lying hidden-charm baryonium states with quantum numbers to be around 5.0 GeV. We suggest to search for hidden-charm baryonium states, especially the one of , in the &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt;-wave and &lt;i&gt;P&lt;i/&gt;-wave and channels in this energy region."
"The E1 transitions of and are investigated in a non-relativistic effective field theory (NREFT) where the open charm effects are included systematically as the leading corrections. It also allows a self-consistent inclusion of the S–D mixing in the same framework. We are able to show that the open charm contributions are essential for understanding the rather unexpected discrepancies between the non-relativistic leading order calculations and the experimental data for these two low-lying states."
"A new algorithm for the identification of boosted, hadronically decaying, heavy particles at the LHC is presented. The algorithm is based on the known procedure of jet clustering with variable distance parameter &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt; and adapts the jet size to its transverse momentum . Subjets are found using a mass jump condition. The resulting algorithm – called Heavy Object Tagger with Variable &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt; (HOTVR) – features little algorithmic complexity and combines jet clustering, subjet finding and rejection of soft clusters in one sequence. While the HOTVR algorithm can be used for the identification of any heavy object decaying hadronically, e.g. W, Z, H, t, or possible new heavy resonances, this paper targets specifically the tagging of boosted top quarks. The studies presented here demonstrate a stable performance of the HOTVR algorithm in a wide range of top quark , from low , where the decay products can be resolved, to the region of boosted decays at high ."
"This paper is dedicated to the study of interactions between external sources for the electromagnetic field in the presence of Lorentz symmetry breaking. We focus on a higher derivative, Lorentz violating interaction that arises from a specific model that was argued to lead to interesting effects in the low energy phenomenology of light pseudoscalars interacting with photons. The kind of higher derivative Lorentz violating interaction we discuss are called nonminimal. They are usually expected to be relevant only at very high energies, but we argue they might also induce relevant effects in low energy phenomena. Indeed, we show that the Lorentz violating background considered by us leads to several phenomena that have no counterpart in Maxwell theory, such as nontrivial torques on isolated electric dipoles, as well as nontrivial forces and torques between line currents and point like charges, as well as among Dirac strings and other electromagnetic sources."
"The fraction of heavy vector mesons produced in a heavy ion collision, as compared to a proton–proton collision, serves as an important indication of the formation of a thermal medium, the quark–gluon plasma. This sort of analysis strongly depends on understanding the thermal effects of a medium like the plasma on the states of heavy mesons. In particular, it is crucial to know the temperature ranges where they undergo a thermal dissociation, or melting. AdS/QCD models are know to provide an important tool for the calculation of hadronic masses, but in general are not consistent with the observation that decay constants of heavy vector mesons decrease with excitation level. It has recently been shown that this problem can be overcome using a soft wall background and introducing an extra energy parameter, through the calculation of correlation functions at a finite position of anti-de Sitter space. This approach leads to the evaluation of masses and decay constants of &lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt; wave quarkonium states with just one flavor dependent and one flavor independent parameter. Here we extend this more realistic model to finite temperatures and analyze the thermal behavior of the states 1&lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt;, 2&lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt; and 3&lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt; of bottomonium and charmonium. The corresponding spectral function exhibits a consistent picture for the melting of the states where, for each flavor, the higher excitations melt at lower temperatures. We estimate for these six states the energy ranges in which the heavy vector mesons undergo a transition from a well-defined peak in the spectral function to complete melting in the thermal medium. A very clear distinction between the heavy flavors emerges, with the bottomonium state surviving a deconfinement transition at temperatures much larger than the critical deconfinement temperature of the medium."
"Small-&lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt; logarithmic enhancements arising from high-energy gluon emissions affect both the evolution of collinearly-factorized parton densities and partonic coefficient functions. With the higher collider energy reached by the LHC, the prospect of a future high-energy collider, and the recent deep-inelastic scattering (DIS) results at small-&lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt; from HERA, providing phenomenological tools for performing small-&lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt; resummation has become of great relevance. In this paper we discuss a framework to perform small-&lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt; resummation for both parton evolution and partonic coefficient functions and we describe its implementation in a computer code named High-Energy Large Logarithms (HELL). We present resummed and matched results for the DGLAP splitting functions and, as a proof of principle, for the massless structure functions in DIS. Furthermore, we discuss the uncertainty from subleading terms on our results."
"Considering the experimental constraints given by the CMS collaboration at TeV on the strength of top quark flavour-changing neutral-current couplings and &lt;i&gt;tqg&lt;i/&gt;, we investigate the production of top quark in association with a photon and carry out a full simulation for the signals and at 14 TeV LHC. In our numerical analysis, the contributions of single top production with a photon radiation off the top decay products are also included. The discovery potential for anomalous couplings and &lt;i&gt;tqg&lt;i/&gt; with an integrated luminosity of 100 fb is examined in detail."
"We consider the Einstein–Dirac field equations describing a self-gravitating massive neutrino, looking for axially symmetric exact solutions; in the search of general solutions, we find some that are specific and which have critical features, such as the fact that the space-time curvature turns out to be flat and the spinor field gives rise to a vanishing bi-linear scalar with non-vanishing bi-linear pseudo-scalar : because in quantum-field theory general computational methods are built on plane-wave solutions, for which the bi-linear pseudo-scalar vanishes while the bi-linear scalar does not vanish, then the solutions we found cannot be treated with the usual machinery of quantum-field theory. This means that for the Einstein–Dirac system there exist admissible solutions which nevertheless cannot be quantized with the common prescriptions; we regard this situation as yet another issue of tension between Einstein gravity and quantum principles. Possible ways to quench this tension can be seen either in enlarging the validity of quantum-field theory or by restricting the space of the solutions of the Einstein–Dirac system of field equations."
"We have studied the shadow of a regular phantom black hole as photons couple to the Weyl tensor. We find that due to the coupling photons with different polarization directions propagate along different paths in the spacetime so that there exists a double shadow for a black hole, which is quite different from that in the non-coupling case where only a single shadow emerges. The overlap region of the double shadow, the umbra, of the black hole increases with the phantom charge and decreases with the coupling strength. The dependence of the penumbra on the phantom charge and the coupling strength is converse to that of the umbra. Combining with the supermassive central object in our Galaxy, we estimated the shadow of the black hole as the photons couple to the Weyl tensor. Our results show that the coupling brings about richer behaviors of the propagation of coupled photon and the shadow of the black hole in the regular phantom black hole spacetime."
"We investigate the search for heavy Majorana neutrinos stemming from a composite model scenario at the upcoming LHC Run II at a centre of mass energy of 13 TeV. While previous studies of the composite Majorana neutrino were focussed on gauge interactions via magnetic type transition coupling between ordinary and heavy fermions (with mass ) here we complement the composite model with contact interactions at the energy scale and we find that the production cross sections are dominated by such contact interactions by roughly two/three orders of magnitude. This mechanism provides therefore very interesting rates at the prospected luminosities. We study the same-sign di-lepton and di-jet signature () and perform a fast detector simulation based on Delphes. We compute 3 and 5 contour plots of the statistical significance in the parameter space (). We find that the potentially excluded regions at TeV are quite larger than those excluded so far at Run I considering searches with other signatures."
"We revisit minimal supersymmetric SU(5) grand unification (GUT) models in which the soft supersymmetry-breaking parameters of the minimal supersymmetric Standard Model (MSSM) are universal at some input scale, , above the supersymmetric gauge-coupling unification scale, . As in the constrained MSSM (CMSSM), we assume that the scalar masses and gaugino masses have common values, and , respectively, at , as do the trilinear soft supersymmetry-breaking parameters . Going beyond previous studies of such a super-GUT CMSSM scenario, we explore the constraints imposed by the lower limit on the proton lifetime and the LHC measurement of the Higgs mass, . We find regions of , , and the parameters of the SU(5) superpotential that are compatible with these and other phenomenological constraints such as the density of cold dark matter, which we assume to be provided by the lightest neutralino. Typically, these allowed regions appear for and in the multi-TeV region, for suitable values of the unknown SU(5) GUT-scale phases and superpotential couplings, and with the ratio of supersymmetric Higgs vacuum expectation values ."
"In a previous work we presented a theoretical analysis of the reaction based on which a recent experiment by the LHCb collaboration at CERN claimed the existence of two hidden charm pentaquarks, and . In that work we focused only on the and signals and discussed the possible explanation of this pentaquark state within the picture of a dynamical meson–baryon molecule made up mostly from and components. In the present work we improve upon the previous one by considering the total and data including all the relevant resonances contributing to the spectra, and discuss the possible nature of both and . We also discuss several important topics, like the effect of the contact term in the reaction, the viability of reproducing the data without the and the possible quantum number assignment to these pentaquarks."
"We present the implementation and validation of the techniques used to efficiently evaluate parametric and perturbative theoretical uncertainties in matrix-element plus parton-shower simulations within the Sherpa event-generator framework. By tracing the full and PDF dependences, including the parton-shower component, as well as the fixed-order scale uncertainties, we compute variational event weights on-the-fly, thereby greatly reducing the computational costs to obtain theoretical-uncertainty estimates."
"We present the first public implementation of antenna-based QCD initial- and final-state showers. The shower kernels are antenna functions, which capture not only the collinear dynamics but also the leading soft (coherent) singularities of QCD matrix elements. We define the evolution measure to be inversely proportional to the leading poles, hence gluon emissions are evolved in a measure inversely proportional to the eikonal, while processes that only contain a single pole (e.g., ) are evolved in virtuality. Non-ordered emissions are allowed, suppressed by an additional power of . Recoils and kinematics are governed by exact on-shell phase-space factorisations. This first implementation is limited to massless QCD partons and colourless resonances. Tree-level matrix-element corrections are included for QCD up to (4 jets), and for Drell–Yan and Higgs production up to (&lt;i&gt;V&lt;i/&gt; / &lt;i&gt;H&lt;i/&gt; + 3 jets). The resulting algorithm has been made publicly available in Vincia  2.0."
"We make a comparison for ten typical, popular dark energy models according to their capabilities of fitting the current observational data. The observational data we use in this work include the JLA sample of type Ia supernovae observation, the Planck 2015 distance priors of cosmic microwave background observation, the baryon acoustic oscillations measurements, and the direct measurement of the Hubble constant. Since the models have different numbers of parameters, in order to make a fair comparison, we employ the Akaike and Bayesian information criteria to assess the worth of the models. The analysis results show that, according to the capability of explaining observations, the cosmological constant model is still the best one among all the dark energy models. The generalized Chaplygin gas model, the constant &lt;i&gt;w&lt;i/&gt; model, and the dark energy model are worse than the cosmological constant model, but still are good models compared to others. The holographic dark energy model, the new generalized Chaplygin gas model, and the Chevalliear–Polarski–Linder model can still fit the current observations well, but from an economically feasible perspective, they are not so good. The new agegraphic dark energy model, the Dvali–Gabadadze–Porrati model, and the Ricci dark energy model are excluded by the current observations."
"We first calculate the jet quenching parameter of an anisotropic plasma with a &lt;i&gt;U&lt;i/&gt;(1) chemical potential via AdS/CFT duality. The effects of charge, anisotropy parameter, and quark motion direction on the jet quenching parameter are investigated. We then discuss the situation of an anisotropic black brane in the IR region. We study both the jet quenching parameters along the longitudinal direction and the transverse plane."
"In this work, we present the new technique for discussing the dynamical motion of neutral as well as charged particles in the absence/presence of a magnetic field around the time conformal Schwarzschild black hole. Initially, we find the numerical solutions of geodesics of the Schwarzschild black hole and the time conformal Schwarzschild black hole. We observe that the Schwarzschild spacetime admits the time conformal factor , where &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;t&lt;i/&gt;) is an arbitrary function and is very small, which causes a perturbation in the spacetimes. This technique also re-scales the energy content of spacetime. We also investigate the thermal stability, horizons and energy conditions corresponding to time conformal Schwarzschild spacetime. Also, we examine the dynamics of a neutral and charged particle around a time conformal Schwarzschild black hole. We investigate the circumstances under which the particle can escape from the vicinity of a black hole after collision with another particle. We analyze the effective potential and effective force of a particle in the presence of a magnetic field with angular momentum graphically."
"A search for neutral Higgs bosons of the minimal supersymmetric standard model (MSSM) and for a heavneutral boson is performed using a data sample corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 3.2 fb from proton–proton collisions at    recorded by the ATLAS detector at the LHC. The heavy resonance is assumed to decay to a pair with at least one lepton decaying to final states with hadrons and a neutrino. The search is performed in the mass range of 0.2–1.2   for the MSSM neutral Higgs bosons and 0.5–2.5   for the heavy neutral boson. The data are in good agreement with the background predicted by the Standard Model. The results are interpreted in MSSM and benchmark scenarios. The most stringent constraints on the MSSM – space exclude at 95 % confidence level (CL) for   in the MSSM scenario. For the Sequential Standard Model, a mass up to 1.90   is excluded at 95 % CL and masses up to 1.82–2.17   are excluded for a of the strong flavour model."
NaN
"This study investigates in the dimuon distributions and the hadronic contribution . The decay widths of the vector mesons are approximately a factor of 700 larger than the corresponding scalar mesons . The ratio of the branching fractions obtained, , is approximately . The hadronic contribution is also estimated. The relative increase in the amplitude is approximately . If we select eV, then the branching fractions of the vector mesons to the lepton pair are and for and , respectively. If we select eV, then the updated branching fractions of the scalar mesons to the muon pair are and for and , respectively. If we select the recent predicted M1 widths  eV (arXiv:1607.02169), then the updated branching fractions are and for and , respectively. Further studies on , including those on dielectron decay and two-body decay with , should be conducted."
"We study dynamics of (&lt;i&gt;m&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt;)-string in (&lt;i&gt;p&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;q&lt;i/&gt;)-five-brane and (&lt;i&gt;p&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;q&lt;i/&gt;)-string background. We determine world-volume stress energy tensor and we analyze the dependence of the string’s dynamics on the values of the charges (&lt;i&gt;m&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt;) and the value of the angular momentum."
"The large rate of multiple simultaneous proton–proton interactions, or pile-up, generated by the Large Hadron Collider in Run 1 required the development of many new techniques to mitigate the adverse effects of these conditions. This paper describes the methods employed in the ATLAS experiment to correct for the impact of pile-up on jet energy and jet shapes, and for the presence of spurious additional jets, with a primary focus on the large 20.3  data sample collected at a centre-of-mass energy of . The energy correction techniques that incorporate sophisticated estimates of the average pile-up energy density and tracking information are presented. Jet-to-vertex association techniques are discussed and projections of performance for the future are considered. Lastly, the extension of these techniques to mitigate the effect of pile-up on jet shapes using subtraction and grooming procedures is presented."
"The multigap resistive plate chambers (MRPCs) are gas ionization detectors with multiple gas sub-gaps made of resistive electrodes. The high voltage (HV) is applied on the outer surfaces of outermost resistive plates only, while the interior plates are left electrically floating. The presence of multiple narrow sub-gaps with high electric field results in faster signals on the outer electrodes, thus improving the detector’s time resolution. Due to their excellent performance and relatively low cost, the MRPC detector has found potential application in time-of-flight (TOF) systems. Here we present the design, fabrication, optimization of the operating parameters such as the HV, the gas mixture composition, and, performance of six-gap glass MRPC detectors of area 27 cm 27 cm, which are developed in order to find application as trigger detectors, in TOF measurement etc. The design has been optimized with unique spacers and blockers to ensure a proper gas flow through the narrow sub-gaps, which are 250 m wide. The gas mixture consisting of R134A, Isobutane and SF, and the fraction of each constituting gases has been optimized after studying the MRPC performance for a set of different concentrations. The counting efficiency of the MRPC is about 95% at 17.9 kV. At the same operating voltage, the time resolution, after correcting for the walk effect, is found to be about 219 ps."
"We explicitly construct fractals of dimension on which dimensional regularization approximates scalar-field-only quantum-field theory amplitudes. The construction does not require fractals to be Lorentz-invariant in any sense, and we argue that there probably is no Lorentz-invariant fractal of dimension greater than 2. We derive dimensional regularization’s power-law screening first for fractals obtained by removing voids from 3-dimensional Euclidean space. The derivation applies techniques from elementary dielectric theory. Surprisingly, fractal geometry by itself does not guarantee the appropriate power-law behavior; boundary conditions at fractal voids also play an important role. We then extend the derivation to 4-dimensional Minkowski space. We comment on generalization to non-scalar fields, and speculate about implications for quantum gravity."
"This letter is meant to be a brief survey of several recent publications providing a simple, sequential explanation of dark energy, inflation, and dark matter. These paragraphs lead to an intuitive and qualitative picture of the why and the how of the Big Bang, and thence to a possible understanding of the birth and death of a universe."
"In this article, we study the possibility of sustaining static and spherically symmetric traversable wormhole geometries admitting conformal motion in Einstein gravity, which presents a more systematic approach to search a relation between matter and geometry. In wormhole physics, the presence of exotic matter is a fundamental ingredient and we show that this exotic source can be dark energy type which support the existence of wormhole spacetimes. In this work we model a wormhole supported by dark energy which admits conformal motion. We also discuss the possibility of the detection of wormholes in the outer regions of galactic halos by means of gravitational lensing. Studies of the total gravitational energy for the exotic matter inside a static wormhole configuration are also performed."
"We make a scalar representation of interactive models with cold dark matter and modified holographic Ricci dark energy through unified models driven by scalar fields with non-canonical kinetic term. These models are applications of the formalism of exotic k-essences generated by the global description of cosmological models with two interactive fluids in the dark sector and in these cases they correspond to the usual k-essences. The formalism is applied to the cases of constant potential in Friedmann–Robertson–Walker geometries."
"The WIMPs are considered to belong to the favorable dark matter (DM) candidates, but the upper bounds on the interactions between DM and standard model (SM) particles obtained by the upgraded facilities of DM direct detection get lower and lower. Researchers turn their attention to the search for less massive DM candidates, i.e. light dark matter of the MeV scale. The recently measured anomalous transition in Be suggests that there exists a vectorial boson which may mediate the interaction between DM and SM particles. Based on this scenario, we combine the relevant cosmological data to constrain the mass range of DM, and we have found that there exists a model parameter space where the requirements are satisfied, a range of 16.7 MeV for scalar DM, and  MeV for vectorial DM is demanded. Then a possibility of directly detecting such light DM particles via DM–electron scattering is briefly studied in this framework."
"We discuss the possibility that baryon number &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt; is spontaneously broken at low scales, of the order of MeV or even smaller, inducing the neutron–antineutron oscillation at the experimentally accessible level. An associated Goldstone particle–baryonic majoron can have observable effects in neutron to antineutron transitions in nuclei or dense nuclear matter. By extending baryon number to an anomaly-free symmetry, the baryo-majoron can be identified with the ordinary majoron associated with the spontaneous breaking of lepton number, and it can have interesting implications for neutrinoless decay with the majoron emission. We also discuss the hypothesis that baryon number can be spontaneously broken by QCD itself via the six-quark condensates."
"We explore wormhole solutions in a non-minimal torsion–matter coupled gravity by taking an explicit non-minimal coupling between the matter Lagrangian density and an arbitrary function of the torsion scalar. This coupling describes the transfer of energy and momentum between matter and torsion scalar terms. The violation of the null energy condition occurred through an effective energy-momentum tensor incorporating the torsion–matter non-minimal coupling, while normal matter is responsible for supporting the respective wormhole geometries. We consider the energy density in the form of non-monotonically decreasing function along with two types of models. The first model is analogous to the curvature–matter coupling scenario, that is, the torsion scalar with &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;-matter coupling, while the second one involves a quadratic torsion term. In both cases, we obtain wormhole solutions satisfying the null energy condition. Also, we find that the increasing value of the coupling constant minimizes or vanishes on the violation of the null energy condition through matter."
"We study the inflation in terms of the logarithmic entropy-corrected holographic dark energy (LECHDE) model with future event horizon, particle horizon, and Hubble horizon cut-offs, and we compare the results with those obtained in the study of inflation by the holographic dark energy HDE model. In comparison, the spectrum of primordial scalar power spectrum in the LECHDE model becomes redder than the spectrum in the HDE model. Moreover, the consistency with the observational data in the LECHDE model of inflation constrains the reheating temperature and Hubble parameter by one parameter of holographic dark energy and two new parameters of logarithmic corrections."
"We obtain the free energy and thermodynamic geometry of holographic superconductors in dimensions. The gravitational theory in the bulk dual to this -dimensional strongly coupled theory lives in the dimensions and is that of a charged &lt;i&gt;AdS&lt;i/&gt; black hole together with a massive charged scalar field. The matching method is applied to obtain the nature of the fields near the horizon using which the holographic free energy is computed through the gauge/gravity duality. The critical temperature is obtained for a set of values of the matching point of the near horizon and the boundary behaviour of the fields in the probe limit approximation which neglects the back reaction of the matter fields on the background spacetime geometry. The thermodynamic geometry is then computed from the free energy of the boundary theory. From the divergence of the thermodynamic scalar curvature, the critical temperature is obtained once again. We then compare this result for the critical temperature with that obtained from the matching method."
"Restricting the covariant gravitational phase spaces to the manifold of parametrized families of solutions, the mass, angular momenta, entropies, and electric charges can be calculated by a single and simple method. In this method, which has been called the “solution phase space method,” conserved charges are unambiguous and regular. Moreover, assuming the generators of the charges to be exact symmetries, entropies and other conserved charges can be calculated on almost arbitrary surfaces, not necessarily horizons or asymptotics. Hence, the first law of thermodynamics would be a local identity relating the exact symmetries to which the mass, angular momentum, electric charge, and entropy are attributed. In this paper, we apply this powerful method to the &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravitational theories accompanied by the terms quadratic in the Riemann and Ricci tensors. Furthermore, conserved charges and the first law of thermodynamics for some of their black hole solutions are exemplified. The examples include warped AdS, charged static BTZ, and 3-dimensional Lifshitz black holes."
"We study the decay, paying attention to the production of , , and from the final state interaction of pairs of mesons that can lead to these three mesons in the final state, which is implemented using the chiral unitary approach. Very clean and strong signals are obtained for the excitation in the invariant mass distribution and for the in the mass distribution. A smaller, but also clear signal for the excitation is obtained. The results are contrasted with experimental data and the agreement found is good, providing yet one more test in support of the picture where these resonances are dynamically generated from the meson–meson interaction."
"In the bounce inflation scenario, the inflation is singularity-free, while the advantages of inflation are preserved. We analytically calculate the power spectrum of its primordial gravitational waves (GWs), and show a universal result including the physics of the bounce phase. The spectrum acquires a cutoff at large scale, while the oscillation around the cutoff scale is quite drastic, which is determined by the details of bounce. Our work highlights that the primordial GWs at large scale may encode the physics of the bounce ever happened at about efolds before inflation."
"We present a new cosmological model that mimics the Lambda Cold Dark Matter by using a stealth field. This kind of field is characterized as not coupling directly to gravity; however, it is connected to the underlying matter content of the universe model. As is well known, stealth fields do not back-react on the space-time; however, their mimicry skills show how this field and its self-interaction potential determines the cosmic evolution. We show the study of the simplest model that can be developed with the stealth field."
"We study static, spherically symmetric equilibrium configurations in extended theories of gravity (ETG) following the notation introduced by Capozziello et al. We calculate the differential equations for the stellar structure in such theories in a very generic form i.e., the Tolman–Oppenheimer–Volkoff generalization for any ETG is introduced. Stability analysis is also investigated with special focus on the particular example of scalar–tensor gravity."
"We consider a five-dimensional model with geometry , with compactification radius &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;. The Standard Model particles are localized on a brane located at , with identical branes localized at different points in the extra dimension. Objects located on our brane can orbit around objects located on a brane at a distance , with an orbit and a period significantly different from the standard Newtonian ones. We study the kinematical properties of the orbits, finding that it is possible to distinguish one motion from the other in a large region of the initial conditions parameter space. This is a warm-up to study if a SM-like mass distribution on one (or more) distant brane(s) may represent a possible dark matter candidate. After using the same technique to the study of orbits of objects lying on the same brane (), we apply this method to the detection of generic deviations from the inverse-square Newton law. We propose a possible experimental setup to look for departures from Newtonian motion in the micro-world, finding that an order of magnitude improvement on present bounds can be attained at the 95% CL under reasonable assumptions."
"Processes in which a jet recoils against an electroweak boson complement studies of jet quenching in heavy ion collisions at the LHC. As the boson does not interact strongly it escapes the dense medium unmodified and thus provides a more direct access to the hard scattering kinematics than can be obtained in di-jet events. First measurements of jet modification in these processes are now available from the LHC experiments and will improve greatly with better statistics in the future. We present an extension of Jewel to boson–jet processes. Jewel is a dynamical framework for jet evolution in a dense background based on perturbative QCD that is in agreement with a large variety of jet observables. We also obtain a good description of the CMS and ATLAS data for +jet and &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt;+jet processes at 2.76 and 5.02 TeV."
"We calculate the rate of double open charm production in the forward kinematics studied recently in the LHCb experiment. We find that the mean field approximation for the double parton GPD (generalized parton distributions), which neglects parton–parton correlations, underestimates the rate by a factor of 2. The enhancement due to the perturbative QCD correlation mechanism which explains the rate of double parton interactions at the central rapidities is found to explain 60 80% of the discrepancy. We argue that the nonperturbative fluctuations leading to non-factorized (correlated) contributions to the initial conditions for the DGLAP collinear evolution of the double parton GPD play an important role in this kinematics. Combined, the two correlation mechanisms provide a good description of the rate of double charm production reported by the LHCb. We also give predictions for the variation of the (i.e. the ratio of double and square of single inclusive rates) in the discussed kinematics as a function of . The account for two correlation mechanisms strongly reduces the sensitivity of the results to the starting point of the QCD evolution."
"In the present investigation an exact generalised model for anisotropic compact stars of embedding class 1 is sought with a general relativistic background. The generic solutions are verified by exploring different physical aspects, viz. energy conditions, mass–radius relation, stability of the models, in connection to their validity. It is observed that the model presented here for compact stars is compatible with all these physical tests and thus physically acceptable as far as the compact star candidates &lt;i&gt;RXJ&lt;i/&gt; 1856-37, &lt;i&gt;SAX&lt;i/&gt; &lt;i&gt;J&lt;i/&gt; 1808.4-3658 (&lt;i&gt;SS&lt;i/&gt;1) and &lt;i&gt;SAX&lt;i/&gt; &lt;i&gt;J&lt;i/&gt; 1808.4-3658 (&lt;i&gt;SS&lt;i/&gt;2) are concerned."
"The -gravity contribution to the energy loss of a hot plasma due to gravitational bremsstrahlung is calculated in the linearized theory on the basis of classical Coulomb scattering of plasma constituents in small-angle scattering approximation. The explicit dependence of the gravitational luminosity on the plasma temperature is derived and its relevance to the Einstein gravity is demonstrated. The result, when applied to the Sun as a hot plasma, shows very good agreement with available data."
"We present a Monte Carlo generator that implements significant theoretical improvements in the simulation of top-quark pair production and decay at the LHC. Spin correlations and off-shell effects in top-decay chains are described in terms of exact matrix elements for &lt;i&gt;pp → ℓ&lt;i/&gt;&lt;sup&gt;+&lt;sup/&gt;&lt;i&gt;ν&lt;sub&gt;ℓ&lt;sub/&gt;l&lt;i/&gt;&lt;sup&gt;-&lt;sup/&gt;&lt;i&gt;ν̅&lt;sub&gt;l&lt;sub/&gt;bb̅&lt;i/&gt; at order &lt;i&gt;α&lt;i/&gt;&lt;sup&gt;4&lt;sup/&gt;&lt;i&gt;α&lt;i/&gt;&lt;sub&gt;s&lt;sub/&gt;&lt;sup&gt;2&lt;sup/&gt; plus full NLO QCD corrections, where the leptons &lt;i&gt;ℓ&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;l&lt;i/&gt; belong to different families, and &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt; quarks are massive. Thus, the contributions from &lt;i&gt;tt̅&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;Wt&lt;i/&gt; single-top production, plus contributions without top resonances and all relevant quantum interferences between different channels are fully included. Matrix elements are matched to the Pythia8 parton shower using a recently proposed method that allows for a consistent treatment of resonances in the POWHEG framework. These theoretical improvements are especially important for the interpretation of precision measurements of the top-quark mass, for single-top analyses in the &lt;i&gt;Wt&lt;i/&gt; channel, and for &lt;i&gt;tt̅&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;Wt&lt;i/&gt; backgrounds in the presence of jet vetoes or cuts that enhance off-shell effects. The new generator is based on a process-independent interface of the OpenLoops amplitude generator with the POWHEG-BOX framework."
"The minimal &lt;i&gt;SO&lt;i/&gt;(5) / &lt;i&gt;SO&lt;i/&gt;(4) -model is used as a template for the ultraviolet completion of scenarios in which the Higgs particle is a low-energy remnant of some high-energy dynamics, enjoying a (pseudo) Nambu–Goldstone-boson ancestry. Varying the mass allows one to sweep from the perturbative regime to the customary non-linear implementations. The low-energy benchmark effective non-linear Lagrangian for bosons and fermions is obtained, determining as well the operator coefficients including linear corrections. At first order in the latter, three effective bosonic operators emerge which are independent of the explicit soft breaking assumed. The Higgs couplings to vector bosons and fermions turn out to be quite universal: the linear corrections are proportional to the explicit symmetry-breaking parameters. Furthermore, we define an effective Yukawa operator which allows a simple parametrization and comparison of different heavy-fermion ultraviolet completions. In addition, one particular fermionic completion is explored in detail, obtaining the corresponding leading low-energy fermionic operators."
"Gauge boson production at forward rapidities in single diffractive events at the LHC is investigated considering &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collisions at 8 and 13 TeV. The impact of gap survival effects is analysed using two different models for the soft rescattering contributions. We demonstrate that using the forward shower counter Project at LHCb–HERSCHEL, together with the Vertex Locator–VELO, it is possible to discriminate diffractive production of the gauge bosons and from the non-diffractive processes and studies of the Pomeron structure and diffraction phenomenology are feasible. Moreover, we show that the analysis of this process can be useful to constrain the modelling of the gap survival effects."
"Classical real-time lattice simulations play an important role in understanding non-equilibrium phenomena in gauge theories and are used in particular to model the prethermal evolution of heavy-ion collisions. Due to instabilities, small quantum fluctuations on top of the classical background may significantly affect the dynamics of the system. In this paper we argue for the need for a numerical calculation of a system of classical gauge fields and small linearized fluctuations in a way that keeps the separation between the two manifest. We derive and test an explicit algorithm to solve these equations on the lattice, maintaining gauge invariance and Gauss’ law."
"In this paper we consider a generally covariant theory of gravity, and extend the generalized off-shell ADT current such that it becomes conserved for field dependent (asymptotically) Killing vector field. Then we define the extended off-shell ADT current and the extended off-shell ADT charge. Consequently, we define the conserved charge perturbation by integrating from the extended off-shell ADT charge over a spacelike codimension two surface. Eventually, we use the presented formalism to find the conserved charge perturbation of an asymptotically flat spacetime. The conserved charge perturbation we obtain is exactly matched with the result of Ref. (Barnich and Troessaert, 12:105 2011). These charges are as representations of the symmetry algebra. Also, we find that the near horizon conserved charges of a non-extremal black hole with extended symmetries are the Noether charges. For this case our result is also exactly matched with that of Ref. (Donnay et al., arXiv:1607.05703 [hep-th], 2016)."
"Recently the most general completion of Brans–Dicke theory has appeared with energy exchanged between the scalar field and ordinary matter, given that the equation of motion for the scalar field keeps the simple wave form of Brans–Dicke. This class of theories contain undetermined functions, but there exist only three theories which are unambiguously determined from consistency. Here, for the first such theory, the action of the vacuum theory is found, which arises as the limit of the full matter theory. A symmetry transformation of this vacuum action in the Jordan frame is found which consists of a conformal transformation of the metric together with a redefinition of the scalar field. Since the general family of vacuum theories is parametrized by an arbitrary function of the scalar field, the action of this family is also found. As for the full theory with matter the action of the system is only found when the matter Lagrangian vanishes on-shell, as for example for pressureless dust. Due to the interaction, the matter Lagrangian is non-minimally coupled either in the Jordan or the Einstein frame."
"An analytical method for investigation of the evolution of dynamical systems with independent on time accuracy is developed for perturbed Hamiltonian systems. The error-free estimation using of computer algebra enables the application of the method to complex multi-dimensional Hamiltonian and dissipative systems. It also opens principal opportunities for the qualitative study of chaotic trajectories. The performance of the method is demonstrated on perturbed two-oscillator systems. It can be applied to various non-linear physical and astrophysical systems, e.g. to long-term planetary dynamics."
"We present the first analysis of the p19MSSM with neutralino dark matter, in light of 13 TeV LHC data with an integrated luminosity of 14. We recast 12 experimental analyses performed by the ATLAS collaboration and derive exclusion bounds on the parameter space of the model. We find that 25% of the model points can be excluded at 95% C.L. by a combination of the implemented searches. The spectrum allowed after the 13 TeV results are taken into account presents stops heavier than at least 400, gluinos heavier than at least 790, and squarks of the first and second generation heavier than at least 440."
"A search for supersymmetry in events with large missing transverse momentum, jets, and at least one hadronically decaying tau lepton has been performed using 3.2 fb of proton–proton collision data at recorded by the ATLAS detector at the Large Hadron Collider in 2015. Two exclusive final states are considered, with either exactly one or at least two tau leptons. No excess over the Standard Model prediction is observed in the data. Results are interpreted in the context of gauge-mediated supersymmetry breaking and a simplified model of gluino pair production with tau-rich cascade decays, substantially improving on previous limits. In the GMSB model considered, supersymmetry-breaking scale () values below are excluded at the 95% confidence level, corresponding to gluino masses below . For large values of , values of up to and gluino masses up to are excluded. In the simplified model, gluino masses are excluded up to for neutralino masses around . Neutralino masses below are excluded for all gluino masses between 800 and , while the strongest exclusion of is achieved for gluino masses around ."
"We introduce a new foliation of AdS black holes such that the conformal boundary takes the form of a 4-dimensional FLRW spacetime with scale factor &lt;i&gt;a&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;t&lt;i/&gt;). The foliation employs Eddington–Finkelstein-like coordinates and is applicable to a large class of AdS black holes, supported by matter fields or not, considerably extending previous efforts in the literature. We argue that the holographic dual picture of a CFT plasma on a FLRW background provides an interesting prototype to study the nonequilibrium dynamics of expanding plasmas and use holographic renormalization to extract the renormalized energy-momentum tensor of the dual plasma. We illustrate the procedure for three black holes of interest, namely AdS–Schwarzschild, AdS–Gauss–Bonnet, and AdS–Reissner–Nordström. For the latter, as a by-product, we show that the nonequilibrium dynamics of a CFT plasma subject to a quench in the chemical potential (i.e., a time-dependent chemical potential) resembles a cosmological evolution with the scale factor &lt;i&gt;a&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;t&lt;i/&gt;) being inversely related to the quench profile ."
"We present semi-analytic techniques for finding bubble wall profiles during first order phase transitions with multiple scalar fields. Our method involves reducing the problem to an equation with a single field, finding an approximate analytic solution and perturbing around it. The perturbations can be written in a semi-analytic form. We assert that our technique lacks convergence problems and demonstrate the speed of convergence on an example potential."
"We study the cosmology of a recent model of supersymmetry breaking, in the presence of a tuneable positive cosmological constant, based on a gauged shift symmetry of a string modulus that can be identified with the string dilaton. The minimal spectrum of the ‘hidden’ supersymmetry breaking sector consists then of a vector multiplet that gauges the shift symmetry of the dilaton multiplet and when coupled to the MSSM leads to a distinct low energy phenomenology depending on one parameter. Here we study the question if this model can also lead to inflation by identifying the dilaton with the inflaton. We find that this is possible if the Kähler potential is modified by a term that has the form of NS5-brane instantons, leading to an appropriate inflationary plateau around the maximum of the scalar potential, depending on two extra parameters. This model is consistent with present cosmological observations without modifying the low energy particle phenomenology associated to the minimum of the scalar potential."
"Tensions between several cosmic observations were found recently, such as the inconsistent values of (or ) were indicated by the different cosmic observations. Introducing the massive neutrinos in CDM could potentially solve the tensions. Viable &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity producing CDM background expansion with massive neutrinos is investigated in this paper. We fit the current observational data: Planck-2015 CMB, RSD, BAO, and SNIa to constrain the mass of neutrinos in viable &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) theory. The constraint results at 95% confidence level are: eV for the active-neutrino case, eV with for the sterile neutrino case. For the effects due to the mass of the neutrinos, the constraint results on model parameter at 95% confidence level become and for two cases, respectively. It is also shown that the fitting values of several parameters much depend on the neutrino properties, such as the cold dark matter density, the cosmological quantities at matter–radiation equality, the neutrino density and the fraction of baryonic mass in helium. Finally, the constraint result shows that the tension between direct and CMB measurements of gets slightly weaker in the viable &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) model than that in the base CDM model."
"The QCD sum rules in the large- limit for the light non-strange vector, axial and scalar mesons are considered assuming a string-like linear spectrum for the radially excited states. We propose an improved method for combined analysis of these channels that gives a reasonable description of the observed spectrum. In the vector-axial case, fixing the pion decay constant and the gluon condensate we obtain more or less physical values for the masses of ground states and the quark condensate. Thus a typical need for this method to fix the mass of some ground state is overcome. Using in the scalar channel the values of presumably universal slope of radial trajectories and the quark condensate obtained in the vector-axial channel, we find that, in contrast to some strong claims in the literature, a prediction of light scalar state with a mass close to the mass of seems to be natural in the considered approach and may follow in a natural way from the Regge phenomenology."
"We consider a gravitating system consisting of a scalar field minimally coupled to gravity with a self-interacting potential and a U(1) nonlinear electromagnetic field. Solving analytically and numerically the coupled system for both power-law and Born–Infeld type electrodynamics, we find charged hairy black hole solutions. Then we study the thermodynamics of these solutions and we find that at a low temperature the topological charged black hole with scalar hair is thermodynamically preferred, whereas the topological charged black hole without scalar hair is thermodynamically preferred at a high temperature for power-law electrodynamics. Interestingly enough, these phase transitions occur at a fixed critical temperature and do not depend on the exponent &lt;i&gt;p&lt;i/&gt; of the nonlinear electrodynamics."
"In this work we use the quasinormal frequencies of a massless scalar perturbation to probe the phase transition of the high dimension charged AdS black hole. The signature of the critical behavior of this black hole solution is detected in the isobaric as well as in isothermal process. This paper is a natural generalization of Liu et al. (JHEP 1409:179, 2014) to higher dimensional spacetime. More precisely our study shows a clear signal for any dimension &lt;i&gt;d&lt;i/&gt; in the isobaric process. As to the isothermal case, we find that this signature can be affected by other parameters like the pressure and the horizon radius. We conclude that the quasinormal modes can be an efficient tool to investigate the first-order phase transition, but fail to disclose the signature of the second-order phase transition."
"In this paper, we study the three-body decays by employing the perturbative QCD (PQCD) factorization approach. We evaluate the &lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt;-wave resonance contributions by using the two-pion distribution amplitude . The Breit–Wigner formula for the , , and resonances and the Flatté model for the resonance are adopted to parameterize the time-like scalar form factors . We also use the Bugg model to parameterize the and compare the relevant theoretical predictions from different models. We found the following results: (a) the PQCD predictions for the branching ratios are for Breit–Wigner model and for Bugg model; (b) when the contributions from are all taken into account; and (c) The considered decays could be measured at the ongoing LHCb experiment, consequently, the formalism of two-hadron distribution amplitudes could also be tested by such experiments."
"Accurate Monte Carlo simulations for high-energy events at CERN’s Large Hadron Collider, are very expensive, both from the computing and storage points of view. We describe a method that allows to consistently re-use parton-level samples accurate up to NLO in QCD under different theoretical hypotheses. We implement it in MadGraph5_aMC@NLO and show its validation by applying it to several cases of practical interest for the search of new physics at the LHC."
"We consider the flavor-changing decays of the Higgs boson in a grand unified theory framework which is based on the SU(5) gauge group and implements the principle of minimal flavor violation. This allows us to explore the possibility of connecting the tentative hint of the Higgs decay recently reported in the CMS experiment to potential new physics in the quark sector. We look at different simple scenarios with minimal flavor violation in this context and how they are subject to various empirical restrictions. In one specific case, the relative strengths of the flavor-changing leptonic Higgs couplings are determined mainly by the known quark mixing parameters and masses, and a branching fraction %  is achievable without the couplings being incompatible with the relevant constraints. Upcoming data on the Higgs leptonic decays and searches for the decay with improved precision can offer further tests on this scenario."
"We calculate divergent one-loop corrections to the propagators of the &lt;i&gt;U&lt;i/&gt;(1) gauge theory on the truncated Heisenberg space, which is one of the extensions of the Grosse–Wulkenhaar model. The model is purely geometric, based on the Yang–Mills action; the corresponding gauge-fixed theory is BRST invariant. We quantize perturbatively and, along with the usual wave-function and mass renormalizations, we find divergent nonlocal terms of the and type. We discuss the meaning of these terms and possible improvements of the model."
"In the present work, we propose &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4140) as the state by studying the invariant mass spectrum of the process. In the invariant mass spectrum of the process, we find a new resonance with the mass and width to be () and () MeV, respectively, which could be a good candidate of the state. The theoretical investigations on the decay behaviors of the in the present work support the assignments of the &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4140) and &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4080) as the and states, respectively. In addition, the state is predicted to be a very narrow state. The results in the present work could be tested by further experiments in the LHCb and forthcoming Belle II."
"The dijet production cross section for jets containing a &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-hadron (&lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-jets) has been measured in proton–proton collisions with a centre-of-mass energy of  TeV, using the ATLAS detector at the LHC. The data used correspond to an integrated luminosity of . The cross section is measured for events with two identified &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-jets with a transverse momentum  GeV and a minimum separation in the – plane of . At least one of the jets in the event is required to have  GeV. The cross section is measured differentially as a function of dijet invariant mass, dijet transverse momentum, boost of the dijet system, and the rapidity difference, azimuthal angle and angular distance between the &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-jets. The results are compared to different predictions of leading order and next-to-leading order perturbative quantum chromodynamics matrix elements supplemented with models for parton-showers and hadronization."
"In order to achieve a deeper understanding of gravity theories, i.e., the quantum properties of gravity theories and the statistical explanation of gravitational entropy, it is important to further investigate the thermodynamic properties of a black hole at the critical point, besides the phase transition and critical behaviors. In this paper, by using Maxwell’s equal area law, we choose as the state parameters and study the phase equilibrium problem of a general -dimensional RN-AdS black holes thermodynamic system. The boundary of the two-phase coexistence region and its isotherm and isopotential lines are presented, which may provide a theoretical foundation for studying the phase transition and phase structure of black hole systems."
"We present a scheme for the generation of central exclusive final states in the program. The implementation allows for the investigation of higher-order corrections to such exclusive processes as approximated by the initial-state parton shower in . To achieve this, the spin and colour decomposition of the initial-state shower has been worked out, in order to determine the probability that a partonic state generated from an inclusive sub-process followed by a series of initial-state parton splittings can be considered as an approximation of an exclusive colour- and spin-singlet process. We use our implementation to investigate the effects of parton showers on some examples of central exclusive processes, and we find sizeable effects on di-jet production, while the effects on &lt;i&gt;e.g.&lt;i/&gt; central exclusive Higgs production are minor."
"The two-loop QCD correction to massive spin-2 graviton decaying to is presented considering a generic universal spin-2 coupling to the SM through the conserved energy-momentum tensor. Such a massive spin-2 particle can arise in extra-dimensional models. The ultraviolet and infrared structure of the QCD amplitudes are studied. In dimensional regularization, the infrared pole structure is in agreement with Catani’s proposal, confirming the universal factorization property of QCD amplitudes, even with the spin-2 tensorial coupling."
"The algorithms used by the ATLAS Collaboration to reconstruct and identify prompt photons are described. Measurements of the photon identification efficiencies are reported, using 4.9 fb of &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collision data collected at the LHC at   and 20.3 fb at  . The efficiencies are measured separately for converted and unconverted photons, in four different pseudorapidity regions, for transverse momenta between 10  and 1.5 . The results from the combination of three data-driven techniques are compared to the predictions from a simulation of the detector response, after correcting the electromagnetic shower momenta in the simulation for the average differences observed with respect to data. Data-to-simulation efficiency ratios used as correction factors in physics measurements are determined to account for the small residual efficiency differences. These factors are measured with uncertainties between 0.5% and 10% in 7  data and between 0.5% and 5.6% in 8  data, depending on the photon transverse momentum and pseudorapidity."
"We perform a detailed study of the sources of perturbative uncertainty in parton-shower predictions within the Herwig 7 event generator. We benchmark two rather different parton-shower algorithms, based on angular-ordered and dipole-type evolution, against each other. We deliberately choose leading order plus parton shower as the benchmark setting to identify a controllable set of uncertainties. This will enable us to reliably assess improvements by higher-order contributions in a follow-up work."
"A search is presented for massive long-lived particles, in the 20–60  mass range with lifetimes between 5 and 100 . The dataset used corresponds to 0.62 of proton-proton collision data collected by the LHCb detector at . The particles are assumed to be pair-produced by the decay of a Higgs-like boson with mass between 80 and 140 . No excess above the background expectation is observed and limits are set on the production cross-section as a function of the long-lived particle mass and lifetime and of the Higgs-like boson mass."
"We consider the production of a pseudo-scalar particle &lt;i&gt;A&lt;i/&gt; at the LHC, and present accurate theoretical predictions for its inclusive cross section in gluon fusion. The prediction is based on combining fixed-order perturbation theory and all-order threshold resummation. At fixed order we include the exact next-to-next-to-leading order (NNLO) plus an approximate next-to-next-to-next-to-leading order (NLO) which is based on the recent computation at this order for the scalar case. We then add threshold resummation at next-to-next-to-next-to leading logarithmic accuracy (NLL). Various forms of threshold resummation are considered, differing by the treatment of subleading terms, allowing a robust estimate of the theoretical uncertainties due to missing higher orders. With particular attention to pseudo-scalar masses of 200 and 750 GeV, we also observe that perturbative convergence is much improved when resummation is included. Additionally, results obtained with threshold resummation in direct QCD are compared with analogous results as computed in soft-collinear effective theory, which turn out to be in good agreement. We provide precise predictions for pseudo-scalar inclusive cross section at 13 TeV LHC for a wide range of masses. The results are available through updated versions of the public codes ggHiggs and TROLL."
"The residual symmetry approach, along with a complex extension for some flavor invariance, is a powerful tool to uncover the flavor structure of the 3 3 neutrino Majorana mass matrix toward gaining insights into neutrino mixing. We utilize this to propose a complex extension of the real scaling ansatz for which was introduced some years ago. Unlike the latter, our proposal allows a nonzero mass for each of the three light neutrinos as well as a nonvanishing . The generation of light neutrino masses via the type-I seesaw mechanism is also demonstrated. A major result of this scheme is that leptonic Dirac CP-violation must be maximal while atmospheric neutrino mixing does not need to be exactly maximal. Moreover, each of the two allowed Majorana phases, to be probed by the search for nuclear decay, has to be at one of its two CP-conserving values. There are other interesting consequences such as the allowed occurrence of a normal mass ordering which is not favored by the real scaling ansatz. Our predictions will be tested in ongoing and future neutrino oscillation experiments at T2K, NOA and DUNE."
"The TOTEM experiment at the CERN LHC has measured elastic proton–proton scattering at the centre-of-mass energy TeV and four-momentum transfers squared, |&lt;i&gt;t&lt;i/&gt;|, from to 0.2 GeV. Near the lower end of the &lt;i&gt;t&lt;i/&gt;-interval the differential cross-section is sensitive to the interference between the hadronic and the electromagnetic scattering amplitudes. This article presents the elastic cross-section measurement and the constraints it imposes on the functional forms of the modulus and phase of the hadronic elastic amplitude. The data exclude the traditional Simplified West and Yennie interference formula that requires a constant phase and a purely exponential modulus of the hadronic amplitude. For parametrisations of the hadronic modulus with second- or third-order polynomials in the exponent, the data are compatible with hadronic phase functions giving either central or peripheral behaviour in the impact parameter picture of elastic scattering. In both cases, the -parameter is found to be . The results for the total hadronic cross-section are  mb and  mb for central and peripheral phase formulations, respectively. Both are consistent with previous TOTEM measurements."
"We consider a theory of an open string moving in a weakly curved background, composed of a constant metric and a linearly coordinate dependent Kalb–Ramond field with an infinitesimal field strength. We find its T-dual using the generalized Buscher procedure developed for the closed string moving in a weakly curved background, and the fact that solving the boundary conditions, the open string theory transforms to the effective closed string theory. So, T-dualizing the effective theory along all effective directions we obtain its T-dual theory and resume the open string theory which has such an effective theory. In this way we obtain the open string theory T-dual."
"We present an improved version of the ECHO-QGP numerical code, which self-consistently includes for the first time the effects of electromagnetic fields within the framework of relativistic magneto-hydrodynamics (RMHD). We discuss results of its application in relativistic heavy-ion collisions in the limit of infinite electrical conductivity of the plasma. After reviewing the relevant covariant formalisms, we illustrate the implementation of the evolution equations in the code and show the results of several tests aimed at assessing the accuracy and robustness of the implementation. After providing some estimates of the magnetic fields arising in non-central high-energy nuclear collisions, we perform full RMHD simulations of the evolution of the quark–gluon plasma in the presence of electromagnetic fields and discuss the results. In our ideal RMHD setup we find that the magnetic field developing in non-central collisions does not significantly modify the elliptic flow of the final hadrons. However, since there are uncertainties in the description of the pre-equilibrium phase and also in the properties of the medium, a more extensive survey of the possible initial conditions as well as the inclusion of dissipative effects are indeed necessary to validate this preliminary result."
"A test of CP invariance in Higgs boson production via vector-boson fusion using the method of the &lt;i&gt;Optimal Observable&lt;i/&gt; is presented. The analysis exploits the decay mode of the Higgs boson into a pair of leptons and is based on 20.3 of proton–proton collision data at = 8  collected by the ATLAS experiment at the LHC. Contributions from CP-violating interactions between the Higgs boson and electroweak gauge bosons are described in an effective field theory framework, in which the strength of CP violation is governed by a single parameter . The mean values and distributions of CP-odd observables agree with the expectation in the Standard Model and show no sign of CP violation. The CP-mixing parameter is constrained to the interval at 68% confidence level, consistent with the Standard Model expectation of ."
"In this article, we take &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(4140) as the diquark–antidiquark type tetraquark state with , and we study the mass and pole residue with the QCD sum rules in detail by constructing two types of interpolating currents. The numerical results and disfavor assigning the &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(4140) to the diquark–antidiquark type tetraquark state. Moreover, we obtain the masses of the diquark–antidiquark type tetraquark states as a byproduct. The present predictions can be confronted to the experimental data in the future."
"Spontaneous breaking of quantum scale invariance may provide a solution to the hierarchy and cosmological constant problems. In a scale-invariant regularization, we compute the two-loop potential of a Higgs-like scalar in theories in which scale symmetry is broken only spontaneously by the dilaton (). Its VEV generates the DR subtraction scale (), which avoids the explicit scale symmetry breaking by traditional regularizations (where fixed scale). The two-loop potential contains effective operators of non-polynomial nature as well as new corrections, beyond those obtained with explicit breaking ( fixed scale). These operators have the form , , etc., which generate an infinite series of higher dimensional polynomial operators upon expansion about , where such hierarchy is arranged by &lt;i&gt;one&lt;i/&gt; initial, classical tuning. These operators emerge at the quantum level from evanescent interactions () between and that vanish in but are required by classical scale invariance in . The Callan–Symanzik equation of the two-loop potential is respected and the two-loop beta functions of the couplings differ from those of the same theory regularized with fixed scale. Therefore the running of the couplings enables one to distinguish between spontaneous and explicit scale symmetry breaking."
"It is pointed out that the current form of the extrinsic equation of motion for a particle constrained to remain on a hypersurface is in fact a half-finished version; for it is established without regard to the fact that the particle can never depart from the geodesics on the surface. Once this fact is taken into consideration, the equation takes the same form as that for the centripetal force law, provided that the symbols are re-interpreted so that the law is applicable for higher dimensions. The controversial issue of constructing operator forms of these equations is addressed, and our studies show the quantization of constrained system based on the extrinsic equation of motion is preferable."
"In the present paper we generate a set of solutions describing the interior of a compact star under theory of gravity which admits conformal motion. An extension of general relativity, the gravity is associated to Ricci scalar &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt; and the trace of the energy-momentum tensor . To handle the Einstein field equations in the form of differential equations of second order, first of all we adopt the Lie algebra with conformal Killing vectors (CKV) which enable one to get a solvable form of such equations and second we consider the equation of state (EOS) with for the fluid distribution consisting of normal matter, being the EOS parameter. We therefore analytically explore several physical aspects of the model to represent behavior of the compact stars such as—energy conditions, TOV equation, stability of the system, Buchdahl condition, compactness and redshift. It is checked that the physical validity and the acceptability of the present model within the specified observational constraint in connection to a dozen of the compact star candidates are quite satisfactory."
"The luminosity determination for the ATLAS detector at the LHC during &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collisions at  8 TeV in 2012 is presented. The evaluation of the luminosity scale is performed using several luminometers, and comparisons between these luminosity detectors are made to assess the accuracy, consistency and long-term stability of the results. A luminosity uncertainty of is obtained for the of &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collision data delivered to ATLAS at  8 TeV in 2012."
"Neutrinoless double electron capture is a process that, if detected, would give evidence of lepton number violation and the Majorana nature of neutrinos. A search for neutrinoless double electron capture of Ar has been performed with germanium detectors installed in liquid argon using data from Phase I of the GERmanium Detector Array (Gerda) experiment at the Gran Sasso Laboratory of INFN, Italy. No signal was observed and an experimental lower limit on the half-life of the radiative neutrinoless double electron capture of Ar was established: 3.6 10 years at 90% CI."
"In this paper, we investigate how the LHC data limit the Higgs-related couplings in the effective description of a strongly interacting extension of the Standard model. The Higgs boson is introduced as a scalar composite state and it is followed in the mass hierarchy by an &lt;i&gt;SU&lt;i/&gt;(2) triplet of vector composites. The limits are calculated from the constraints obtained in the recent ATLAS+CMS combined analysis of the data from 2011 and 2012. We find that the data prefer the scenario where the Higgs couplings to the electroweak gauge bosons differ from its couplings to the vector triplet. We also investigate the unitarity limits of the studied effective model for the experimentally preferred values of the Higgs couplings. We find from the scattering amplitudes that for the vector resonance masses between one and two TeV significant portions of the experimentally allowed regions are well below the unitarity limit. We also evaluate how the existing ATLAS and CMS Run-2 data restrict our model with the upper bounds on the resonance production cross section times its branching ratio for various decay channels. The masses in the range are not excluded in parts or even full parameter space of our theory."
"In this article, we study the ground states and the first radial excited states of the tensor–tensor type scalar hidden-charm tetraquark states with the QCD sum rules. We separate the ground state contributions from the first radial excited state contributions unambiguously, and obtain the QCD sum rules for the ground states and the first radial excited states, respectively. Then we search for the Borel parameters and continuum threshold parameters according to four criteria and obtain the masses of the tensor–tensor type scalar hidden-charm tetraquark states, which can be confronted with the experimental data in the future."
"A next step in development of the KrkNLO method of including complete NLO QCD corrections to hard processes in a LO parton-shower Monte Carlo is presented. It consists of a generalisation of the method, previously used for the Drell–Yan process, to Higgs-boson production. This extension is accompanied with the complete description of parton distribution functions in a dedicated, Monte Carlo factorisation scheme, applicable to any process of production of one or more colour-neutral particles in hadron–hadron collisions."
"The discrepancy between observed virial and baryonic mass in galaxy clusters have lead to the missing mass problem. To resolve this, a new, non-baryonic matter field, known as dark matter, has been invoked. However, till date no possible constituents of the dark matter components are known. This has led to various models, by modifying gravity at large distances to explain the missing mass problem. The modification to gravity appears very naturally when effective field theory on a lower-dimensional manifold, embedded in a higher-dimensional spacetime is considered. It has been shown that in a scenario with two lower-dimensional manifolds separated by a finite distance is capable to address the missing mass problem, which in turn determines the kinematics of the brane separation. Consequences for galactic rotation curves are also described."
"We propose a method to reconstruct the Bethe–Salpeter amplitude in Minkowski space given the Euclidean Bethe–Salpeter amplitude – or alternatively the light-front wave function – as input. The method is based on the numerical inversion of the Nakanishi integral representation and computing the corresponding weight function. This inversion procedure is, in general, rather unstable, and we propose several ways to considerably reduce the instabilities. In terms of the Nakanishi weight function, one can easily compute the BS amplitude, the LF wave function and the electromagnetic form factor. The latter ones are very stable in spite of residual instabilities in the weight function. This procedure allows both, to continue the Euclidean BS solution in the Minkowski space and to obtain a BS amplitude from a LF wave function."
"In recent years, a growing interest in the equilibrium of compact astrophysical objects like white dwarf and neutron stars has been manifested. In particular, various modifications due to Planck-scale energy effects have been considered. In this paper we analyze the modification induced by gravity’s rainbow on the equilibrium configurations described by the Tolman–Oppenheimer–Volkoff (TOV) equation. Our purpose is to explore the possibility that the rainbow Planck-scale deformation of space-time could support the existence of different compact stars."
"We present predictions for single-diffractive low-mass Drell–Yan pair production in &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collisions at the LHC at  TeV. Predictions are obtained adopting a factorised form for the relevant cross sections and are based on a new set of diffractive parton distributions resulting from the QCD analysis of combined HERA leading proton data. We discuss a number of observables useful to characterise the expected factorisation breaking effects."
"We explore the recently introduced modified Gauss–Bonnet gravity (Sharif and Ikram in Eur Phys J C 76:640, 2016), pragmatic with , the Gauss–Bonnet term, and &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;, the trace of the energy-momentum tensor. Noether symmetry approach has been used to develop some cosmologically viable gravity models. The Noether equations of modified gravity are reported for flat FRW universe. Two specific models have been studied to determine the conserved quantities and exact solutions. In particular, the well known deSitter solution is reconstructed for some specific choice of gravity model."
"We determine the sensitivity to neutrino oscillation parameters from a study of atmospheric neutrinos in a magnetised detector such as the ICAL at the proposed India-based Neutrino Observatory. In such a detector, which can &lt;i&gt;separately&lt;i/&gt; count and -induced events, the relatively smaller (about 5%) uncertainties on the neutrino–antineutrino flux ratios translate to a constraint in the analysis that results in a significant improvement in the precision with which neutrino oscillation parameters such as can be determined. Such an effect is unique to all magnetisable detectors and constitutes a great advantage in determining neutrino oscillation parameters using such detectors. Such a study has been performed for the first time here. Along with an increase in the kinematic range compared to earlier analyses, this results in sensitivities to oscillation parameters in the 2–3 sector that are comparable to or better than those from accelerator experiments where the fluxes are significantly higher. For example, the precisions on and achievable for 500 kton year exposure of ICAL are and %, respectively, for both normal and inverted hierarchies. The mass hierarchy sensitivity achievable with this combination when the true hierarchy is normal (inverted) for the same exposure is ()."
"A new light gauge boson &lt;i&gt;U&lt;i/&gt; may have both vector and axial couplings. In a large class of theories, however, the new &lt;i&gt;U&lt;i/&gt;(1) current naturally combines with the weak neutral current , both parity-violating, into a vectorial current , combination of the and electromagnetic currents with a possible dark-matter current. may be expressed equivalently as (“mixing with the &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt;”) or (“mixing with the photon”), with coupled to and dark matter. The &lt;i&gt;U&lt;i/&gt; boson may be viewed as a generalized dark photon, coupled to SM particles through , with strength . “Kinetic-mixing” terms, gauge invariant or not, simply correspond to a description in a non-orthogonal field basis (rather than to a new physical effect), with the dark photon in general also coupled to &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;L&lt;i/&gt;.In a grand-unified theory at the GUT scale for SM particles, invariant under the &lt;i&gt;SU&lt;i/&gt;(4) electrostrong symmetry group, with a non-vanishing already present at the GUT scale, leading to at low energy. This also applies, for a very light or massless &lt;i&gt;U&lt;i/&gt; boson, to a new long-range force, which could show up through apparent violations of the equivalence principle."
"We show that with suitable choices of parametrization, gauge fixing and cutoff, the anomalous variation of the effective action under global rescalings of the background metric is identical to the derivative with respect to the cutoff, i.e. to the beta functional, as defined by the exact RG equation. The Ward identity and the RG equation can be combined, resulting in a modified flow equation that is manifestly invariant under global background rescalings."
"We present a model of inflation where the inflaton is accommodated as a phantom field which exhibits an initial transient pole behavior and then decays into a quintessence field which is responsible for a radiation era. We must stress that the present unified model only deals with a single field and that the transition between the two eras is achieved in a smooth way, so the model does not suffer from the eternal inflation issue. We explore the conditions for the crossing of the phantom divide line within the inflationary era along with the structural stability of several critical points. We study the behavior of the phantom field within the slow-climb approximation along with the necessary conditions to have sufficient inflation. We also examine the model at the level of classical perturbations within the Newtonian gauge and determine the behavior of the gravitational potential, contrast density and perturbed field near the inflation stage and the subsequent radiation era."
"Hopf algebra methods are applied to study Drinfeld twists of -diffeomorphisms and deformed general relativity on &lt;i&gt;commutative&lt;i/&gt; manifolds. A classical nonlocality length scale is produced above which microcausality emerges. Matter fields are utilized to generate self-consistent Abelian Drinfeld twists in a background independent manner and their continuous and discrete symmetries are examined. There is negligible experimental effect on the standard model of particles. While baryonic twist producing matter would begin to behave acausally for rest masses above –10 TeV, other possibilities are viable dark matter candidates or a right-handed neutrino. First order deformed Maxwell equations are derived and yield immeasurably small cosmological dispersion and produce a propagation horizon only for photons at or above Planck energies. This model incorporates dark matter without any appeal to extra dimensions, supersymmetry, strings, grand unified theories, mirror worlds, or modifications of Newtonian dynamics."
"Hadron–nucleus amplitudes at high energies are studied in the “toy” Regge model in zero transverse dimension for finite nuclei, when the standard series of fan diagrams is converted into a finite sum and loses physical sense at quite low energies. Taking into account all the loop contributions by numerical methods we find a physically meaningful amplitudes at all energies. They practically coincide with the amplitudes for infinite nuclei. A surprising result is that for finite nuclei and small enough triple pomeron coupling the infinite series of fan diagrams describes the amplitude quite well in spite of the fact that in reality the series should be cut and as such deprived of any physical sense at high energies."
"We present a generalization of the standard Inönü–Wigner contraction by rescaling not only the generators of a Lie superalgebra but also the arbitrary constants appearing in the components of the invariant tensor. The procedure presented here allows one to obtain explicitly the Chern–Simons supergravity action of a contracted superalgebra. In particular we show that the Poincaré limit can be performed to a &lt;i&gt;AdS&lt;i/&gt; Chern–Simons supergravity in presence of the exotic form. We also construct a new three-dimensional Maxwell Chern–Simons supergravity theory as a particular limit of &lt;i&gt;AdS&lt;i/&gt;–Lorentz supergravity theory. The generalization for gravitinos is also considered."
"The single-mirror small-size telescope (SST-1M) is one of the three proposed designs for the small-size telescopes (SSTs) of the Cherenkov Telescope Array (CTA) project. The SST-1M will be equipped with a 4 m-diameter segmented reflector dish and an innovative fully digital camera based on silicon photo-multipliers. Since the SST sub-array will consist of up to 70 telescopes, the challenge is not only to build telescopes with excellent performance, but also to design them so that their components can be commissioned, assembled and tested by industry. In this paper we review the basic steps that led to the design concepts for the SST-1M camera and the ongoing realization of the first prototype, with focus on the innovative solutions adopted for the photodetector plane and the readout and trigger parts of the camera. In addition, we report on results of laboratory measurements on real scale elements that validate the camera design and show that it is capable of matching the CTA requirements of operating up to high moonlight background conditions."
"We discuss the automatised calculation of the Higgs mass in renormalisable supersymmetric models with complex parameters at the two-loop level. Our setup is based on the public codes SARAH and SPheno, which can now compute the two-loop corrections to masses of all neutral scalars in such theories. The generic ansatz for these calculations and the handling of the ‘Goldstone Boson catastrophe’ is described. It is shown that we find perfect agreement with other existing two-loop calculations performed in the scheme. We also use the functionality to derive results for the MSSM and NMSSM not available before: the Higgs mass in the constrained version of the complex MSSM and the impact of CP phases in the two-loop corrections beyond for the scale-invariant NMSSM are briefly analysed."
"In the present study we search for a new stellar model with spherically symmetric matter and a charged distribution in a general relativistic framework. The model represents a compact star of embedding class 1. The solutions obtained here are general in nature, having the following two features: first of all, the metric becomes flat and also the expressions for the pressure, energy density, and electric charge become zero in all the cases if we consider the constant , which shows that our solutions represent the so-called ‘electromagnetic mass model’ [17], and, secondly, the metric function , for the limit &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt; tending to infinity, converts to , which is the same as considered by Maurya et al. [11]. We have investigated several physical aspects of the model and find that all the features are acceptable within the requirements of contemporary theoretical studies and observational evidence."
"We consider the problem of IR divergences of the action in the covariant formulation of teleparallel gravity in asymptotically Minkowski spacetimes. We show that divergences are caused by inertial effects and can be removed by adding an appropriate surface term, leading to the renormalized action. This process can be viewed as a teleparallel analog of holographic renormalization. Moreover, we explore the variational problem in teleparallel gravity and explain how the variation with respect to the spin connection should be performed."
"The new mesons &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(3940) and &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(4160) have been found by Belle Collaboration in the processes . Considering &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(3940) and &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(4160) as and states, the two-body open charm OZI-allowed strong decay of and are studied by the improved Bethe–Salpeter method combined with the model. The strong decay width of is MeV, which is close to the result of &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(3940); therefore, is a good candidate of &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(3940). The strong decay width of is MeV, considering the errors of the results, it is close to the lower limit of &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(4160). But the ratio of the decay width of is larger than the experimental data of &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(4160). According to the above analysis, is not the candidate of &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(4160), and more investigations of &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(4160) is needed."
"The particle discovered in the Higgs-boson searches at the LHC with a mass of about can be identified with one of the neutral Higgs bosons of the Next-to-Minimal Supersymmetric Standard Model (NMSSM). We calculate predictions for the Higgs-boson masses in the NMSSM using the Feynman-diagrammatic approach. The predictions are based on the full NMSSM one-loop corrections supplemented with the dominant and sub-dominant two-loop corrections within the Minimal Supersymmetric Standard Model (MSSM). These include contributions at , as well as a resummation of leading and subleading logarithms from the top/scalar top sector. Taking these corrections into account in the prediction for the mass of the Higgs boson in the NMSSM that is identified with the observed signal is crucial in order to reach a precision at a similar level as in the MSSM. The quality of the approximation made at the two-loop level is analysed on the basis of the full one-loop result, with a particular focus on the prediction for the Standard Model-like Higgs boson that is associated with the observed signal. The obtained results will be used as a basis for the extension of the code FeynHiggs to the NMSSM."
"The convergence of the decay widths and some of the Dalitz plot parameters of the decay seems problematic in low energy QCD. In the framework of resummed chiral perturbation theory, we explore the question of compatibility of experimental data with a reasonable convergence of a carefully defined chiral series. By treating the uncertainties in the higher orders statistically, we numerically generate a large set of theoretical predictions, which are then confronted with experimental information. In the case of the decay widths, the experimental values can be reconstructed for a reasonable range of the free parameters and thus no tension is observed, in spite of what some of the traditional calculations suggest. The Dalitz plot parameters &lt;i&gt;a&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;d&lt;i/&gt; can be described very well too. When the parameters &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt; and are concerned, we find a mild tension for the whole range of the free parameters, at less than 2 C.L. This can be interpreted in two ways – either some of the higher order corrections are indeed unexpectedly large or there is a specific configuration of the remainders, which is, however, not completely improbable."
"A measurement of the and production cross sections in final states with either two same-charge muons, or three or four leptons (electrons or muons) is presented. The analysis uses a data sample of proton–proton collisions at TeV recorded with the ATLAS detector at the Large Hadron Collider in 2015, corresponding to a total integrated luminosity of 3.2 fb. The inclusive cross sections are extracted using likelihood fits to signal and control regions, resulting in  pb and  pb, in agreement with the Standard Model predictions."
"From the perspective that and are dynamically generated resonances from the interaction and coupled channels, we have evaluated the rates for and up to a global unknown factor that allows us to calculate the ratio of rates and compare with experiment, where good agreement is found. Similarly, we can also make predictions for the ratio of rates of the, yet unknown, decays of and and make estimates for their individual branching fractions."
"In this paper, we study the OZI-allowed two-body strong decays of heavy–light mesons. Experimentally the charmed and the charm–strange states with these quantum numbers have been discovered. For the bottomed &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt;(5970) state, which was found by the CDF Collaboration recently, its quantum number has not been decided yet and we assume it is a meson in this paper. The theoretical prediction for the strong decays of bottom–strange state is also given. The relativistic wave functions of heavy mesons are constructed and their numerical values are obtained by solving the corresponding Bethe–Salpeter equation with instantaneous approximation. The transition matrix is calculated by using the PCAC and low energy theorem, following which the decay widths are obtained. For and , the total strong decay widths are 72.6 and 47.6 MeV, respectively. For with MeV and with MeV, their strong decay widths are 22.9 and 40.8 MeV, respectively."
"In this paper, we will analyze a theory of modified gravity, in which the field content of general relativity will be increased to include a vector field. We will use the Horndeski formalism to non-minimally couple this vector field to the metric. As we will be using the Horndeski formalism, this theory will not contain Ostrogradsky ghost degree of freedom. We will analyze compact stars using this vector–tensor-Horndeski theory."
"We present new accretion solutions of a polytropic perfect fluid onto an f(R)-gravity de Sitter-like black hole. We consider two f(R)-gravity models and obtain finite-period cyclic flows oscillating between the event and cosmological horizons as well as semi-cyclic critical flows executing a two-way motion from and back to the same horizon. Besides the generalizations and new solutions presented in this work, a corrigendum to Eur. Phys. J. C (2016) 76:280 is provided."
"Azimuthal angle correlations of two jets in the process are studied. The loop induced gluon fusion (GF) sub-process and the weak boson fusion (WBF) sub-process are considered. The GF sub-process exhibits strong correlations in the azimuthal angles of the two jets measured from the production plane of the Higgs boson pair and the difference between these two angles , and a very small correlation in their sum . Using a finite value for the mass of the loop running top quark in the amplitude is crucial for the correlations. The impact of a non-standard value for the triple Higgs self-coupling on the correlations is found small. The peak shifts of the azimuthal angle distributions reflect the magnitude of parity violation in the amplitude and the dependence of the distributions on parity violating phases is analytically clarified. The normalised distributions and the peak positions of the correlations are stable against the variation of factorisation and renormalisation scales. The WBF sub-process also produces correlated distributions and it is found that they are not induced by the quantum effect of the intermediate weak bosons but mainly by a kinematic effect. This kinematic effect is a characteristic feature of the WBF sub-process and is not observed in the GF sub-process. It is found that the correlations are different in the GF and in the WBF sub-processes. As part of the process dependent information, they will be helpful in the analyses of the process at the LHC."
"We study Higgs boson production in association with a top quark and a &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; boson at the LHC. At NLO in QCD, &lt;i&gt;tWH&lt;i/&gt; interferes with and a procedure to meaningfully separate the two processes needs to be employed. In order to define &lt;i&gt;tWH&lt;i/&gt; production for both total rates and differential distributions, we consider the diagram removal and diagram subtraction techniques that have been previously proposed for treating intermediate resonances at NLO, in particular in the context of &lt;i&gt;tW&lt;i/&gt; production. These techniques feature approximations that need to be carefully taken into account when theoretical predictions are compared to experimental measurements. To this aim, we first critically revisit the &lt;i&gt;tW&lt;i/&gt; process, for which an extensive literature exists and where an analogous interference with production takes place. We then provide robust results for total and differential cross sections for &lt;i&gt;tW&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;tWH&lt;i/&gt; at 13 TeV, also matching short-distance events to a parton shower. We formulate a reliable prescription to estimate the theoretical uncertainties, including those associated to the very definition of the process at NLO. Finally, we study the sensitivity to a non-Standard-Model relative phase between the Higgs couplings to the top quark and to the &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; boson in &lt;i&gt;tWH&lt;i/&gt; production."
"A detailed study of pseudorapidity densities and multiplicity distributions of primary charged particles produced in proton–proton collisions, at 0.9, 2.36, 2.76, 7 and 8 TeV, in the pseudorapidity range , was carried out using the ALICE detector. Measurements were obtained for three event classes: inelastic, non-single diffractive and events with at least one charged particle in the pseudorapidity interval . The use of an improved track-counting algorithm combined with ALICE’s measurements of diffractive processes allows a higher precision compared to our previous publications. A KNO scaling study was performed in the pseudorapidity intervals 0.5, 1.0 and 1.5. The data are compared to other experimental results and to models as implemented in Monte Carlo event generators PHOJET and recent tunes of PYTHIA6, PYTHIA8 and EPOS."
"The observation of neutrino oscillation as well as the recent experimental results on lepton flavor universality (LFU) violation in &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt; meson decays are indications of new physics beyond the standard model. Many theoretical models, which are introduced in the literature as an extension of SM to explain these observed deviations in LFU, lead to a new kind of interactions, the so-called non-standard interaction (NSI) between the elementary particles. In this paper, we consider a model with an additional boson (which is quite successful in explaining the observed LFU anomalies) and analyze its effect in the lepton flavor violating (LFV) decay modes. From the present upper bound of the branching ratio, we obtain the constraints on the new physics parameters, which are related to the corresponding NSI parameters in the neutrino sector by symmetry. These new parameters are expected to have potential implications in the neutrino oscillation studies and in this work we investigate the possibility of observing the effects of these interactions in the currently running and upcoming long-baseline experiments, i.e., NOA and DUNE, respectively."
"The Einstein static (ES) universe has played a major role in various emergent scenarios recently proposed in order to cure the problem of the initial singularity of the standard model of cosmology. In the model we address, we study the existence and stability of an ES universe in the context of &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) modified theories of gravity. Considering specific forms of the &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) function, we seek for the existence of solutions representing ES state. Using dynamical system techniques along with numerical analysis, we find two classes of solutions: the first one is always unstable of the saddle type, while the second is always stable so that its dynamical behavior corresponds to a center equilibrium point. The importance of the second class of solutions is due to the significant role they play in constructing non-singular emergent models in which the universe could have experienced past-eternally a series of infinite oscillations about such an initial static state after which it enters, through a suitable physical mechanism, to an inflationary era. Considering specific forms for the functionality of &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;), we show that this theory is capable of providing cosmological solutions which admit emergent universe (EU) scenarios. We also investigate homogeneous scalar perturbations for the mentioned models. The stability regions of the solutions are parametrized by a linear equation of state (EoS) parameter and other free parameters that will be introduced for the models. Our results suggest that modifications in &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity would lead to stable solutions which are unstable in &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity model."
"We study the constraints implied by partial wave unitarity on new physics in the form of spin-zero di-boson resonances at LHC. We derive the scale where the effective description in terms of the SM supplemented by a single resonance is expected to break down depending on the resonance mass and signal cross section. Likewise, we use unitarity arguments in order to set perturbativity bounds on renormalizable UV completions of the effective description. We finally discuss under which conditions scalar di-boson resonance signals can be accommodated within weakly coupled models."
"The motivation of the present work is to reconstruct a dark energy model through the &lt;i&gt;dimensionless dark energy function&lt;i/&gt; &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;), which is the dark energy density in units of its present value. In this paper, we have shown that a scalar field having a phenomenologically chosen &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;) can give rise to a transition from a decelerated to an accelerated phase of expansion for the universe. We have examined the possibility of constraining various cosmological parameters (such as the deceleration parameter and the effective equation of state parameter) by comparing our theoretical model with the latest Type Ia Supernova (SN Ia), Baryon Acoustic Oscillations (BAO) and Cosmic Microwave Background (CMB) radiation observations. Using the joint analysis of the SN IaBAO/CMB dataset, we have also reconstructed the scalar potential from the parametrized &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;). The relevant potential is found, a polynomial in . From our analysis, it has been found that the present model favors the standard CDM model within confidence level."
"We describe the anomaly structure of a composite Higgs model in which the &lt;i&gt;SO&lt;i/&gt;(5) / &lt;i&gt;SO&lt;i/&gt;(4) coset structure of the minimal model is extended by an additional, non-linearly realised . In addition, we show that the effective Lagrangian admits a term that, like the Wess–Zumino–Witten term in the chiral Lagrangian for QCD, is not invariant under the non-linearly realised symmetries, but rather changes by a total derivative. This term is unlike the Wess–Zumino–Witten term in that it does not arise from anomalies. If present, it may give rise to the rare decay . The phenomenology of the singlet in this model differs from that in a model based on &lt;i&gt;SO&lt;i/&gt;(6) / &lt;i&gt;SO&lt;i/&gt;(5), in that couplings to both gluons and photons, arising via anomalies, are present. We show that while some tuning is needed to accommodate flavour and electroweak precision constraints, the model is no worse than the minimal model in this regard."
"In this work we study the Quasi-Normal Modes (QNMs) under massless scalar perturbations and the thermodynamics of linearly charged BTZ black holes in massive gravity in the (Anti)de Sitter ((A)dS) space-time. It is found that the behavior of QNMs changes with the massive parameter of the graviton and also with the charge of the black hole. The thermodynamics of such black holes in the (A)dS space-time is also analyzed in detail. The behavior of specific heat with temperature for such black holes gives an indication of a phase transition that depends on the massive parameter of the graviton and also on the charge of the black hole."
"A measurement of the calorimeter response to isolated charged hadrons in the ATLAS detector at the LHC is presented. This measurement is performed with 3.2 nb of proton–proton collision data at   from 2010 and 0.1 nb of data at   from 2012. A number of aspects of the calorimeter response to isolated hadrons are explored. After accounting for energy deposited by neutral particles, there is a 5% discrepancy in the modelling, using various sets of Geant4 hadronic physics models, of the calorimeter response to isolated charged hadrons in the central calorimeter region. The description of the response to anti-protons at low momenta is found to be improved with respect to previous analyses. The electromagnetic and hadronic calorimeters are also examined separately, and the detector simulation is found to describe the response in the hadronic calorimeter well. The jet energy scale uncertainty and correlations in scale between jets of different momenta and pseudorapidity are derived based on these studies. The uncertainty is 2–5% for jets with transverse momenta above 2 , where this method provides the jet energy scale uncertainty for ATLAS."
"We consider a spin-3/2 fermionic dark matter candidate (DM) interacting with Standard Model fermions through a vector mediator in the &lt;i&gt;s&lt;i/&gt;-channel. We find that for pure vector couplings almost the entire parameter space of the DM and mediator mass consistent with the observed relic density is ruled out by the direct detection observations through DM-nucleon elastic scattering cross sections. In contrast, for pure axial-vector coupling, the most stringent constraints are obtained from monojet searches at the Large Hadron Collider."
"In this paper, we study Joule–Thomson effects for charged AdS black holes. We obtain inversion temperatures and curves. We investigate similarities and differences between van der Waals fluids and charged AdS black holes for the expansion. We obtain isenthalpic curves for both systems in the &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;–&lt;i&gt;P&lt;i/&gt; plane and determine the cooling–heating regions."
"The NESSiE Collaboration has been setup to undertake a conclusive experiment to clarify the &lt;i&gt;muon-neutrino disappearance&lt;i/&gt; measurements at short baselines in order to put severe constraints to models with more than the three-standard neutrinos. To this aim the current FNAL-Booster neutrino beam for a Short-Baseline experiment was carefully evaluated by considering the use of magnetic spectrometers at two sites, near and far ones. The detector locations were studied, together with the achievable performances of two OPERA-like spectrometers. The study was constrained by the availability of existing hardware and a time-schedule compatible with the undergoing project of multi-site Liquid–Argon detectors at FNAL. The settled physics case and the kind of proposed experiment on the Booster neutrino beam would definitively clarify the existing tension between the disappearance and the appearance/disappearance at the eV mass scale. In the context of neutrino oscillations the measurement of disappearance is a robust and fast approach to either reject or discover new neutrino states at the eV mass scale. We discuss an experimental program able to extend by more than one order of magnitude (for neutrino disappearance) and by almost one order of magnitude (for antineutrino disappearance) the present range of sensitivity for the mixing angle between standard and sterile neutrinos. These extensions are larger than those achieved in any other proposal presented so far."
"The first results on the complete next-to-next-to-leading order (NNLO) Quantum Chromodynamic (QCD) corrections to the production of di-leptons at hadron colliders in large extra dimension models with spin-2 particles are reported in this article. In particular, we have computed these corrections to the invariant mass distribution of the di-leptons taking into account all the partonic sub-processes that contribute at NNLO. In these models, spin-2 particles couple through the energy-momentum tensor of the Standard Model with the universal coupling strength. The tensorial nature of the interaction and the presence of both quark annihilation and gluon fusion channels at the Born level make it challenging computationally and interesting phenomenologically. We have demonstrated numerically the importance of our results at Large Hadron Collider energies. The two-loop corrections contribute an additional 10% to the total cross section. We find that the QCD corrections are not only large but also important to make the predictions stable under renormalisation and factorisation scale variations, providing an opportunity to stringently constrain the parameters of the models with a spin-2 particle."
"Experimental results on azimuthal correlations in high energy nuclear collisions (nucleus–nucleus, proton–nucleus, and proton–proton) seem to be well described by viscous hydrodynamics. It is often argued that this agreement implies either local thermal equilibrium or at least local isotropy. In this note, I present arguments why this is not the case. Neither local near-equilibrium nor near-isotropy are required in order for hydrodynamics to offer a successful and accurate description of experimental results. However, I predict the breakdown of hydrodynamics at momenta of order seven times the temperature, corresponding to a smallest possible QCD liquid drop size of 0.15 fm."
"A search for high-energy neutrino emission correlated with gamma-ray bursts outside the electromagnetic prompt-emission time window is presented. Using a stacking approach of the time delays between reported gamma-ray burst alerts and spatially coincident muon-neutrino signatures, data from the Antares neutrino telescope recorded between 2007 and 2012 are analysed. One year of public data from the IceCube detector between 2008 and 2009 have been also investigated. The respective timing profiles are scanned for statistically significant accumulations within 40 days of the Gamma Ray Burst, as expected from Lorentz Invariance Violation effects and some astrophysical models. No significant excess over the expected accidental coincidence rate could be found in either of the two data sets. The average strength of the neutrino signal is found to be fainter than one detectable neutrino signal per hundred gamma-ray bursts in the Antares data at 90% confidence level."
"Considered is the supersymmetric QCD-like -theory with colors and flavors of light quarks with equal small masses. In addition to quarks and gluons of the standard SQCD, it includes colorless but flavored fields , with the large mass parameter ( is the scale factor of the gauge coupling), interacting with quarks through the Yukawa coupling in the superpotential. The mass spectra of this (direct) -theory are first directly calculated in all vacua with the unbroken or spontaneously broken flavor symmetry at , in which case this theory is logarithmically weakly coupled. Further, the mass spectra of both, this direct -theory and its Seiberg’s dual variant with dual colors, the -theory, are calculated at and at various values of (in strong coupling regimes with coupling constants &lt;i&gt;O&lt;i/&gt;(1)), now using the dynamical scenario introduced by the author in his previous article (Chernyak in JETP 114:61, arXiv:0811.4283 [hep-th], 2012). This scenario assumes that quarks in this case can be in two different standard phases only: either this is the HQ (heavy quark) phase with where they are confined, or they are higgsed with some components , at appropriate values of lagrangian parameters. It is shown that mass spectra of the direct - and dual -theories are parametrically different, so that they are not equivalent. Besides it is shown in the direct -theory that a qualitatively new phenomenon takes place: under appropriate conditions, the seemingly heavy and dynamically irrelevant fields ‘turn back’ and there appear two additional generations of light -particles with small masses . Also considered is the &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;-theory which is the SQCD with colors and flavors of light quarks, broken down to by the large mass parameter of the adjoint scalar superfield &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;,   . The tight interrelations between these &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;- and -theories are described, in particular, the conditions under which they are equivalent."
"Markarian 501 is a high-peaked BL Lacertae object and has undergone many major outbursts since its discovery in 1996. As a part of the multiwavelength campaign, in the year 2009 this blazar was observed for 4.5 months from March 9 to August 1 and during the period April 17 to May 5 it was observed by both space and ground based observatories covering the entire electromagnetic spectrum. A very strong high energy -ray flare was observed on May 1 by Whipple telescope in the energy range 317 GeV to 5 TeV and the flux was about 10 times higher than the average baseline flux. Previously during 1997 Markarian 501 had undergone another long outburst, which was observed by HEGRA telescopes and the energy spectrum was well beyond 10 TeV. The photohadronic model complemented by the extragalactic background radiation (EBL) correction fits well with the flares data observed by both Whipple and HEGRA. Our model predicts a steeper slope of the energy spectrum beyond 10 TeV, which is compatible with the improved analysis of the HEGRA data."
"Geometric methods for constructing exact solutions of equations of motion with first order corrections to the heterotic supergravity action implying a nontrivial Yang–Mills sector and six-dimensional, 6-d, almost-Kähler internal spaces are studied. In 10-d spacetimes, general parametrizations for generic off-diagonal metrics, nonlinear and linear connections, and matter sources, when the equations of motion decouple in very general forms are considered. This allows us to construct a variety of exact solutions when the coefficients of fundamental geometric/physical objects depend on all higher-dimensional spacetime coordinates via corresponding classes of generating and integration functions, generalized effective sources and integration constants. Such generalized solutions are determined by generic off-diagonal metrics and nonlinear and/or linear connections; in particular, as configurations which are warped/compactified to lower dimensions and for Levi-Civita connections. The corresponding metrics can have (non-) Killing and/or Lie algebra symmetries and/or describe -d and/or -d domain wall configurations, with possible warping nearly almost-Kähler manifolds, with gravitational and gauge instantons for nonlinear vacuum configurations and effective polarizations of cosmological and interaction constants encoding string gravity effects. A series of examples of exact solutions describing generic off-diagonal supergravity modifications to black hole/ellipsoid and solitonic configurations are provided and analyzed. We prove that it is possible to reproduce the Kerr and other type black solutions in general relativity (with certain types of string corrections) in the 4-d case and to generalize the solutions to non-vacuum configurations in (super-) gravity/string theories."
"We analyse decays in the region of low hadronic recoil, where an operator product expansion (OPE) in applies. Using a local model for charm contributions based on against the OPE provides a data-driven method to access the limitations to the OPE’s accuracy related to binnings in the dilepton mass. Model-independent fits to low recoil angular observables exhibit presently only small sensitivity to different charm models. They give similar results to the fits based on the OPE and are in agreement with the standard model, but leave also room for new physics. Measurements with resolution small enough to probe charm resonances would be desirable."
"A measurement of the top quark pair production () cross section in proton–proton collisions at the centre-of-mass energy of 8 is presented using data collected with the CMS detector at the LHC, corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 19.6. This analysis is performed in the decay channels with one isolated, high transverse momentum electron or muon and at least four jets, at least one of which is required to be identified as originating from hadronization of a b quark. The calibration of the jet energy scale and the efficiency of b jet identification are determined from data. The measured cross section is . This measurement is compared with an analysis of 7 data, corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 5.0, to determine the ratio of 8 to 7 cross sections, which is found to be . The measurements are in agreement with QCD predictions up to next-to-next-to-leading order."
"In the present work, we consider the cosmological constant model , which is well motivated from three independent approaches. As is well known, the hint of varying fine structure constant was found in 1998. If is right, it means that the cosmological constant should also be varying. Here, we try to develop a suitable framework to model this varying cosmological constant , in which we view it from an interacting vacuum energy perspective. Then we consider the observational constraints on these models by using the 293 data from the absorption systems in the spectra of distant quasars. We find that the model parameters can be tightly constrained to the very narrow ranges of typically. On the other hand, we can also view the varying cosmological constant model from another perspective, namely it can be equivalent to a model containing “dark energy” and “warm dark matter”, but there is no interaction between them. We find that this is also fully consistent with the observational constraints on warm dark matter."
"We report on the measurement of the two-neutrino double-beta decay half-life of Te with the CUORE-0 detector. From an exposure of 33.4 kg year of TeO, the half-life is determined to be = [8.2 ± 0.2 (stat.) ± 0.6 (syst.)] 10 year. This result is obtained after a detailed reconstruction of the sources responsible for the CUORE-0 counting rate, with a specific study of those contributing to the Te neutrinoless double-beta decay region of interest."
"We study the weak decays of and into &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt;-wave heavy–light mesons, including () and  () states. The weak decay hadronic matrix elements are obtained based on the instantaneous Bethe–Salpeter method. The branching ratios for the decays are , , and , respectively. For the semi-electronic decays of to , , and , the corresponding branching ratios are , , and , respectively. The branching ratios of the semi-electronic decays of to &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt;-wave &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt; mesons are in the order of . We also obtained the forward–backward asymmetry, angular spectra, and lepton momentum spectra. In particular the distribution of decay widths for the states and varying along with mixing angle are presented."
"Recently in (Eur Phys J C 76:341, 2016), Myung has suggested that the renormalizability of massive conformal gravity is meaningless unless the massive ghost states of the theory are stable. Here we show that massive conformal gravity can be renormalizable having unstable ghost states."
"Dispersive effects from strong rescattering in the final state interaction (FSI) of weak decays are revisited with the goal to have a global view on their &lt;i&gt;relative&lt;i/&gt; importance for the rule and the ratio in the standard model (SM). We point out that this goal cannot be reached within a pure effective (meson) field approach like chiral perturbation theory in which the dominant current–current operators governing the rule and the dominant density–density (four-quark) operators governing cannot be disentangled from each other. But in the context of a dual QCD approach, which includes both long-distance dynamics and the UV completion, that is, QCD at short-distance scales, such a distinction is possible. We find then that beyond the strict large &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt; limit, &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt; being the number of colours, FSIs are likely to be important for the rule but much less relevant for . The latter finding diminishes significantly hopes that improved calculations of would bring its SM prediction to agree with the experimental data, opening thereby an arena for important new physics contributions to this ratio."
"We consider the triple Higgs coupling for &lt;i&gt;h&lt;i/&gt;(125) Higgs boson within the most general 2HDM. At moderate values of parameters of model, allowing by modern data, noticeable deviation of this coupling from its SM value is improbable. This deviation can be sizable only if some measurable parameters of the model are exotic."
"The collection of a few anomalies in semileptonic &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt;-decays, especially in , invites to speculate about the emergence of some striking new phenomena, perhaps interpretable in terms of a weakly broken flavor symmetry and of leptoquark mediators. Here we aim at a partial UV completion of this interpretation by generalizing the minimal composite Higgs model to include a composite vector leptoquark as well."
"We present the implementation of several color-singlet final-state processes at Next-to-Next-to Leading Order (NNLO) accuracy in QCD to the publicly available parton-level Monte Carlo program MCFM. Specifically we discuss the processes , , , , and . Decays of the unstable bosons are fully included, resulting in a flexible fully differential Monte Carlo code. The NNLO corrections have been calculated using the non-local &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt;-jettiness subtraction approach. Special attention is given to the numerical aspects of running MCFM for these processes at this order. We pay particular attention to the systematic uncertainties due to the power corrections induced by the &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt;-jettiness regularization scheme and the evaluation time needed to run the hybrid openMP/MPI version of MCFM at NNLO on multi-processor systems."
NaN
"Recently, new observables in LHC inclusive events with three tagged jets were proposed. Here, we extend that proposal to events with four tagged jets. The events are characterized by one jet in the forward direction, one in the backward direction with a large rapidity distance &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt; from the first one and two more jets tagged in more central regions of the detector. In our setup, non-tagged associated mini-jet multiplicity is present and needs to be accounted for by the inclusion of BFKL gluon Green functions. The projection of the cross section on azimuthal-angle components opens up the opportunity for defining new ratios of correlation functions of the azimuthal-angle differences among the tagged jets that can be used as probes of the BFKL dynamics."
"We show that the renormalizable Yang–Mills coupled to matter and the Higgs field fits all the experimentally observed differential cross sections known in nature. This extended Standard Model reproduces the experimental gravitational differential cross sections without resorting to the graviton field and instead by exchanging gauge fields. By construction, each SO(4) generator in quantum gravitodynamics does not commute with the Dirac gamma matrices. This produces additional interactions absent to non-Abelian gauge fields in the Standard Model. The contributions from these new terms yield differential cross sections consistent with the Newtonian and post-Newtonian interactions derived from General Relativity. Dimensional analysis of the Lagrangian shows that all its terms have total dimensionality four or less and therefore that all physical quantities in the theory renormalize by finite amounts. These properties make QGD the only renormalizable four-dimensional theory describing gravitational interactions."
"Random coincidences of nuclear events can be one of the main background sources in low-temperature calorimetric experiments looking for neutrinoless double-beta decay, especially in those searches based on scintillating bolometers embedding the promising double-beta candidate  Mo, because of the relatively short half-life of the two-neutrino double-beta decay of this nucleus. We show in this work that randomly coinciding events of the two-neutrino double-beta decay of  Mo in enriched Li detectors can be effectively discriminated by pulse-shape analysis in the light channel if the scintillating bolometer is provided with a Neganov–Luke light detector, which can improve the signal-to-noise ratio by a large factor, assumed here at the level of on the basis of preliminary experimental results obtained with these devices. The achieved pile-up rejection efficiency results in a very low contribution, of the order of  counts/(keVkgy), to the background counting rate in the region of interest for a large volume ( cm) Li detector. This background level is very encouraging in view of a possible use of the Li solution for a bolometric tonne-scale next-generation experiment as that proposed in the CUPID project."
"We consider the production of quarks and Drell–Yan lepton pairs under LHC conditions focusing attention on the total transverse momentum of the produced pair and on the azimuthal angle between the momenta of the outgoing particles. Plotting the corresponding distributions in bins of the final-state invariant mass, one can reconstruct the full map of the transverse momentum dependent parton densities in a proton. We give examples of how these distributions can look like at the LHC energies."
"We propose a simple and model-independent procedure to account for the impact of the nuclear modification of the gluon density as encoded in nuclear collinear PDF sets on two-to-two partonic hard processes in proton–nucleus collisions. This applies to a good approximation to quarkonium, &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt; meson production, generically referred to . Our procedure consists in parametrising the square of the parton scattering amplitude, and constraining it from the proton–proton data. Doing so, we have been able to compute the corresponding nuclear modification factors for , and as a function of &lt;i&gt;y&lt;i/&gt; and at and 8 TeV in the kinematics of the various LHC experiments in a model independent way. It is of course justified since the most important ingredient in such evaluations is the probability of each kinematical configuration. Our computations for &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt; mesons can also be extended to &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt; meson production. To further illustrate the potentiality of the tool, we provide – for the first time – predictions for the nuclear modification factor for production in Pb collisions at the LHC."
"This paper is devoted to the phase space analysis of an isotropic and homogeneous model of the universe by taking a noninteracting mixture of the electromagnetic and viscous radiating fluids whose viscous pressure satisfies a nonlinear version of the Israel–Stewart transport equation. We establish an autonomous system of equations by introducing normalized dimensionless variables. In order to analyze the stability of the system, we find corresponding critical points for different values of the parameters. We also evaluate the power-law scale factor whose behavior indicates different phases of the universe in this model. It is concluded that the bulk viscosity as well as electromagnetic field enhances the stability of the accelerated expansion of the isotropic and homogeneous model of the universe."
"Vector-like quarks are featured by a wealth of beyond the Standard Model theories and are consequently an important goal of many LHC searches for new physics. Those searches, as well as most related phenomenological studies, however, rely on predictions evaluated at the leading-order accuracy in QCD and consider well-defined simplified benchmark scenarios. Adopting an effective bottom-up approach, we compute next-to-leading-order predictions for vector-like-quark pair production and single production in association with jets, with a weak or with a Higgs boson in a general new physics setup. We additionally compute vector-like-quark contributions to the production of a pair of Standard Model bosons at the same level of accuracy. For all processes under consideration, we focus both on total cross sections and on differential distributions, most these calculations being performed for the first time in our field. As a result, our work paves the way to precise extraction of experimental limits on vector-like quarks thanks to an accurate control of the shapes of the relevant observables and emphasise the extra handles that could be provided by novel vector-like-quark probes never envisaged so far."
"We investigate the possibility of explaining the enhancement in semileptonic decays of , the anomalies induced by in and violation of lepton universality in within the framework of R-parity violating MSSM. The exchange of down type right-handed squark coupled to quarks and leptons yields interactions which are similar to leptoquark induced interactions that have been proposed to explain the by tree level interactions and anomalies by loop induced interactions, simultaneously. However, the Yukawa couplings in such theories have severe constraints from other rare processes in &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt; decays. Although this interaction can provide a viable solution to the anomaly, we show that with the severe constraint from , it is impossible to solve the anomalies in the process simultaneously."
"We study the thermodynamical structure of Einstein black holes in the presence of power Maxwell invariant nonlinear electrodynamics for two different cases. The behavior of temperature and conditions regarding the stability of these black holes are investigated. Since the language of geometry is an effective method in general relativity, we concentrate on the geometrical thermodynamics to build a phase space for studying thermodynamical properties of these black holes. In addition, taking into account the denominator of the heat capacity, we use the proportionality between cosmological constant and thermodynamical pressure to extract the critical values for these black holes. Besides, the effects of the variation of different parameters on the thermodynamical structure of these black holes are investigated. Furthermore, some thermodynamical properties such as the volume expansion coefficient, speed of sound, and isothermal compressibility coefficient are calculated and some remarks regarding these quantities are given."
"An obvious criterion to classify theories of modified gravity is to identify their gravitational degrees of freedom and their coupling to the metric and the matter sector. Using this simple idea, we show that any theory which depends on the curvature invariants is equivalent to general relativity in the presence of new fields that are gravitationally coupled to the energy-momentum tensor. We show that they can be shifted into a new energy-momentum tensor. There is no a priori reason to identify these new fields as gravitational degrees of freedom or matter fields. This leads to an equivalence between dark matter particles gravitationally coupled to the standard model fields and modified gravity theories designed to account for the dark matter phenomenon. Due to this ambiguity, it is impossible to differentiate experimentally between these theories and any attempt of doing so should be classified as a mere interpretation of the same phenomenon."
"In this paper, we examine the possible realization of a new inflation family called “shaft inflation” by assuming the modified Chaplygin gas model and a tachyon scalar field. We also consider the special form of the dissipative coefficient and calculate the various inflationary parameters in the scenario of strong and weak dissipative regimes. In order to examine the behavior of inflationary parameters, the ––&lt;i&gt;r&lt;i/&gt;, and – planes (where , and represent the spectral index, its running, tensor-to-scalar ratio, and scalar field, respectively) are being developed, which lead to the constraints , , and . It is quite interesting that these results of the inflationary parameters are compatible with BICEP2, WMAP and recent Planck data."
"We holographically study supersymmetric deformations of and superconformal field theories in three dimensions using four-dimensional gauged supergravity coupled to three-vector multiplets with non-semisimple gauge group. This gauged supergravity can be obtained from a truncation of 11-dimensional supergravity on a tri-Sasakian manifold and admits both supersymmetric and stable non-supersymmetric critical points. We analyze the BPS equations for &lt;i&gt;SO&lt;i/&gt;(3) singlet scalars in detail and study possible supersymmetric solutions. A number of RG flows to non-conformal field theories and half-supersymmetric domain walls are found, and many of them can be given analytically. Apart from these “flat” domain walls, we also consider -sliced domain wall solutions describing two-dimensional conformal defects with supersymmetry within the dual field theory while this type of solutions does not exist in the case."
"In this paper, the mass spectra are obtained for doubly heavy baryons, namely, , , , , and . These baryons consist of two heavy quarks (&lt;i&gt;cc&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;bb&lt;i/&gt;, and &lt;i&gt;bc&lt;i/&gt;) with a light (&lt;i&gt;d&lt;i/&gt; or &lt;i&gt;u&lt;i/&gt;) quark. The ground, radial, and orbital states are calculated in the framework of the hypercentral constituent quark model with Coulomb plus linear potential. Our results are also compared with other predictions, thus, the average possible range of excited states masses of these baryons can be determined. The study of the Regge trajectories is performed in (&lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt;, ) and (&lt;i&gt;J&lt;i/&gt;, ) planes and their slopes and intercepts are also determined. Lastly, the ground state magnetic moments of these doubly heavy baryons are also calculated."
"In this paper, we deal with the null geodesics extending from the near-horizon region out to a distant observatory in an extremal Kerr–Newman black hole background. In particular, using the matched asymptotic expansion method, we analytically solve the null geodesics near the superradiant bound in the form of algebraic equations. For the case that the photon trajectories are limited in the equatorial plane, the shifts in the azimuthal angle and time are obtained."
"This work reports on models described by two real scalar fields coupled with gravity in the five-dimensional spacetime, with a warped geometry involving one infinite extra dimension. Through a mechanism that smoothly changes a thick brane into a hybrid brane, one investigates the appearance of hybrid branes hosting internal structure, characterized by the splitting on the energy density and the volcano potential, induced by the parameter which controls interactions between the two scalar fields. In particular, we investigate distinct symmetric and asymmetric hybrid brane scenarios."
"We examine, using the analyses of the 750 GeV diphoton resonance as a case study, the methodology for estimating the dominant backgrounds to diphoton resonance searches. We show that close to the high energy tails of the distributions, where background estimates rely on functional extrapolations or Monte Carlo predictions, large uncertainties are introduced, in particular by the challenging photon–jet background. Analyses with loose photon and low photon cuts and those susceptible to high photon rapidity regions are especially affected. Given that diphoton-based searches beyond 1 TeV are highly motivated as discovery modes, these considerations are relevant for future analyses. We first consider a physics-driven deformation of the photon–jet spectrum by next-to-leading order effects and a phase space dependent fake rate and show that this reduces the local significance of the excess. Using a simple but more general ansatz, we demonstrate that the originally reported local significances of the 750 GeV excess could have been overestimated by more than one standard deviation. We furthermore cross-check our analysis by comparing fit results based on the 2015 and 2016 LHC data sets. Finally we employ our methodology on the available 13 TeV LHC data set assessing the systematics involved in the current diphoton searches beyond the TeV region."
"We analyze charmless two-body non-leptonic &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt; decays under the framework of a factorization-assisted topological-amplitude approach, where &lt;i&gt;P&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;V&lt;i/&gt;) denotes a light pseudoscalar (vector) meson. Compared with the conventional flavor diagram approach, we consider the flavor &lt;i&gt;SU&lt;i/&gt;(3) breaking effect assisted by a factorization hypothesis for topological diagram amplitudes of different decay modes, factorizing out the corresponding decay constants and form factors. The non-perturbative parameters of topology diagram magnitudes and the strong phase are universal; they can be extracted by fit from current abundant experimental data of charmless &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt;decays. The number of free parameters and the per degree of freedom are both reduced compared with previous analyses. With these best fitted parameters, we predict branching fractions and &lt;i&gt;CP&lt;i/&gt; asymmetry parameters of nearly 100 and decay modes. The long-standing and -&lt;i&gt;CP&lt;i/&gt; puzzles are solved simultaneously."
"We analyze the cosmology of a general scalar–tensor theory which encompasses generalized Brans–Dicke theory, Gauss–Bonnet gravity, non-minimal derivative gravity, generalized Galilean gravity and also the general k-essence type models. Instead of taking into account phenomenological considerations we adopt a Noether symmetry approach, as a physical criterion, to single out the form of undetermined functions in the action. These specified functions symmetrize equations of motion in the simplest possible form which result in exact solutions. Demanding de Sitter, power-law and bouncing universe solutions in the absence and presence of matter density leads to exploring new as well as well-investigated models. We show that there are models for which the dynamics of the system allows a transition from a decelerating phase (matter dominated era) to an accelerating phase (dark energy epoch) and could also lead to general Brans–Dicke with string correction without a self-interaction potential. Furthermore, we classify the models based on a phantom or quintessence dark energy point of view. Finally, we obtain the condition for stability of a de Sitter solution for which the solution is an attractor of the system."
"In this paper we show that the golden ratio is present in the Schwarzschild–Kottler metric. For null geodesics with maximal radial acceleration, the turning points of the orbits are in the golden ratio . This is a general result which is independent of the value and sign of the cosmological constant ."
"We consider the minimal U(1) extension of the standard model (SM) with the classically conformal invariance, where an anomaly-free U(1) gauge symmetry is introduced along with three generations of right-handed neutrinos and a U(1) Higgs field. Because of the classically conformal symmetry, all dimensional parameters are forbidden. The gauge symmetry is radiatively broken through the Coleman–Weinberg mechanism, generating the mass for the gauge boson ( boson) and the right-handed neutrinos. Through a small negative coupling between the SM Higgs doublet and the Higgs field, the negative mass term for the SM Higgs doublet is generated and the electroweak symmetry is broken. In this model context, we investigate the electroweak vacuum instability problem in the SM. It is well known that in the classically conformal U(1) extension of the SM, the electroweak vacuum remains unstable in the renormalization group analysis at the one-loop level. In this paper, we extend the analysis to the two-loop level, and perform parameter scans. We identify a parameter region which not only solve the vacuum instability problem, but also satisfy the recent ATLAS and CMS bounds from search for boson resonance at the LHC Run-2. Considering self-energy corrections to the SM Higgs doublet through the right-handed neutrinos and the boson, we derive the naturalness bound on the model parameters to realize the electroweak scale without fine-tunings."
"Within a superfield approach, we formulate a simple quantum generating equation of the field–antifield formalism. Then we derive the Schroedinger equation with the Hamiltonian whose -exact part serves as a generator to the quantum master transformations. We show that these generators do satisfy a nice composition law in terms of the quantum antibrackets. We also present an &lt;i&gt;Sp&lt;i/&gt;(2) symmetric extension to the main construction, with specific features caused by the principal fact that all basic equations become &lt;i&gt;Sp&lt;i/&gt;(2) vector-valued ones."
"We present a new study of quasi-elastic &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; scattering processes in high-energy collisions, based on and extrapolating the low-energy effective theory which extends the standard model with a Higgs boson. We parameterize deviations in the low-energy range in terms of the dimension-eight operators that arise in the effective theory. Smoothly extending this to higher energy, we study a set of simplified models of new physics in &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; / &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; scattering, (1) a structureless extrapolation of the effective theory, and (2) scalar and tensor resonance multiplets. The high-energy asymptotics of all models is regulated by a universal unitarization procedure. This enables us to provide benchmark scenarios which can be meaningfully evaluated off shell and in exclusive event samples, and to determine the sensitivity of an collider to the model parameters. We analyze the longitudinal vector-boson scattering modes, where we optimize the cuts for the fiducial cross section for different collider scenarios. Here, we choose energy stages of 1.0, 1.4 and 3 TeV, as motivated by the extendability of the ILC project and the staging scenario of the CLIC project."
"The nucleon generalized polarizabilities (GPs), probed in virtual Compton scattering (VCS), describe the spatial distribution of the polarization density in a nucleon. They are accessed experimentally via the process of electron–proton bremsstrahlung () at electron-beam facilities, such as MIT-Bates, CEBAF (Jefferson Lab), and MAMI (Mainz). We present the calculation of the nucleon GPs and VCS observables at next-to-leading order in baryon chiral perturbation theory (BPT), and confront the results with the empirical information. At this order our results are predictions, in the sense that all the parameters are well known from elsewhere. Within the relatively large uncertainties of our calculation we find good agreement with the experimental observations of VCS and the empirical extractions of the GPs. We find large discrepancies with previous chiral calculations – all done in heavy-baryon PT (HBPT) – and discuss the differences between BPT and HBPT responsible for these discrepancies."
"In the present paper Q-ball solutions in the Wick–Cutkosky model are examined in detail. A remarkable feature of the Wick–Cutkosky model is that it admits analytical treatment for the most part of the analysis of Q-balls, which allows one to use this simple model to demonstrate some peculiar properties of Q-balls. In particular, a method for estimating the binding energy of a Q-ball is proposed. This method is tested on the Wick–Cutkosky model taking into account the well-known results obtained for this model earlier."
"An investigation on stochastic deflection of high-energy negatively charged particles in a bent crystal was carried out. On the basis of analytical calculation and numerical simulation it was shown that there is a maximum angle at which most of the beam is deflected. The existence of a maximum, which is taken in the correspondence of the &lt;i&gt;optimal radius of curvature&lt;i/&gt;, is a novelty with respect to the case of positively charged particles, for which the deflection angle can be freely increased by increasing the crystal length. This difference has to be ascribed to the stronger contribution of incoherent scattering affecting the dynamics of negative particles that move closer to atomic nuclei and electrons. We therefore identified the ideal parameters for the exploitation of axial confinement for negatively charged particle beam manipulation in future high-energy accelerators, e.g., ILC or muon colliders."
"We study the expected sensitivity to measure the branching ratio of Higgs boson decays to invisible particles at a future circular collider (FCC-ee) in the process with ( or ) using an integrated luminosity of 3.5 ab at a center-of-mass energy GeV. The impact of the energy spread of the FCC-ee beam and of the resolution in the reconstruction of the leptons is discussed. The minimum branching ratio for a observation after 3.5 ab of data taking is . The branching ratio exclusion limit at 95% CL is ."
"We study the thick brane world system constructed in the recently proposed &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) theories of gravity, with &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt; the Ricci scalar and &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt; the trace of the energy-momentum tensor. We try to get the analytic background solutions and discuss the full linear perturbations, especially the scalar perturbations. We compare how the brane world model is modified with that of general relativity coupled to a canonical scalar field. It is found that some more interesting background solutions are allowed, and only the scalar perturbation mode is modified. There is no tachyon state existing in this model and only the massless tensor mode can be localized on the brane, which recovers the effective four-dimensional gravity. These conclusions hold provided that two constraints on the original formalism of the action are satisfied."
"In the light of the latest data by the LHCf collaboration of the LHC on leading neutrons spectra it is possible to obtain total pion–proton cross sections in the TeV energy region. In this work the exact extraction procedure is shown. Final results for the pion–proton cross section are collected at several different values of the colliding energy and compared with some popular theoretical predictions. The errors of the results are estimated."
"We discuss the occurrence of cracking in charged anisotropic polytropes with generalized polytropic equation of state through two different assumptions; (i) by carrying out local density perturbations under a conformally flat condition (ii) by perturbing anisotropy, polytropic index and charge parameters. For this purpose, we consider two different definitions of polytropes that exist in literature. We conclude that under local density perturbations scheme cracking does not appear in both types of polytropes and stable configuration is observed, while with the second type of perturbation cracking appears in both types of polytropes under certain conditions."
"We review lattice results related to pion, kaon, &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt;- and &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt;-meson physics with the aim of making them easily accessible to the particle-physics community. More specifically, we report on the determination of the light-quark masses, the form factor , arising in the semileptonic transition at zero momentum transfer, as well as the decay constant ratio and its consequences for the CKM matrix elements and . Furthermore, we describe the results obtained on the lattice for some of the low-energy constants of and Chiral Perturbation Theory. We review the determination of the parameter of neutral kaon mixing as well as the additional four &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt; parameters that arise in theories of physics beyond the Standard Model. The latter quantities are an addition compared to the previous review. For the heavy-quark sector, we provide results for and (also new compared to the previous review), as well as those for &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt;- and &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt;-meson-decay constants, form factors, and mixing parameters. These are the heavy-quark quantities most relevant for the determination of CKM matrix elements and the global CKM unitarity-triangle fit. Finally, we review the status of lattice determinations of the strong coupling constant ."
"Precision tests of the Standard Model in the Strong and Electroweak sectors play a crucial role, among the physics program of LHC experiments. Because of the nature of proton–proton processes, observables based on the measurement of the direction and energy of final state leptons provide the most precise probes of such processes. In the present paper, we concentrate on the angular distribution of leptons from decays in the lepton-pair rest-frame. The vector nature of the intermediate state imposes that distributions are to a good precision described by spherical harmonics of at most second order. We argue, that contrary to general belief often expressed in the literature, the full set of angular coefficients can be measured experimentally, despite the presence of escaping detection neutrino in the final state. There is thus no principle difference with respect to the phenomenology of the Drell–Yan process. We show also, that with the proper choice of the reference frames, only one coefficient in this polynomial decomposition remains sizable, even in the presence of one or more high jets. The necessary stochastic choice of the frames relies on probabilities independent from any coupling constants. In this way, electroweak effects (dominated by the nature of &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; couplings to fermions), can be better separated from the ones of strong interactions. The separation is convenient for the measurements interpretation."
"We investigate phase transitions and critical phenomena of four dimensional dyonic charged AdS black holes in the framework of thermodynamic geometry. In a mixed canonical–grand canonical ensemble with a fixed electric charge and varying magnetic charge these black holes exhibit a liquid–gas like first order phase transition culminating in a second order critical point similar to the van der Waals gas. We show that the thermodynamic scalar curvature &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt; for these black holes follow our proposed geometrical characterization of the &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;-crossing Method for the first order liquid–gas like phase transition and exhibits a divergence at the second order critical point. The pattern of &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt; crossing and divergence exactly corresponds to those of a van der Waals gas described by us in an earlier work."
"In this paper we utilise the Krori–Barua ansatz to model compact stars within the framework of Einstein–Gauss–Bonnet (EGB) gravity. The thrust of our investigation is to carry out a comparative analysis of the physical properties of our models in EGB and classical general relativity theory with the help of graphical representation. From our analysis we have shown that the central density and central pressure of EGB star model is higher than the GTR star model. The most notable feature is that for both GTR and the EGB star model the compactness factor crosses the Buchdahl (Phys Rev 116:1027, 1959) limit."
"&lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt;-matrix amplitudes for the electron–electron scattering are calculated in order to verify the physical equivalence between two Lorentz-breaking dual models. We begin with an extended Quantum Electrodynamics which incorporates CPT-even Lorentz-violating kinetic and mass terms. Then, in a process of gauge embedding, its gauge-invariant dual model is obtained. The physical equivalence of the two models is established at tree level in the electron–electron scattering and the unpolarized cross section is calculated up to second order in the Lorentz-violating parameter."
"We consider the cosmology derived from &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt;) gravity where &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt; is the torsion scalar and a boundary term. In particular we discuss how it is possible to recover, under the same standard, the teleparallel &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity, the curvature &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity, and the teleparallel–curvature &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity, which are particular cases of &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt;). We adopt the Noether Symmetry Approach to study the related dynamical systems and to find cosmological solutions."
"In order to go beyond the mean-field approximation, commonly used in the inflationary computations, an identification of the quantum constituents of the inflationary background is made. In particular, the homogeneous scalar field configuration is represented as a Bose–Einstein condensate of the off-shell inflaton degrees of freedom, with mass significantly screened by the gravitational binding energy. The gravitational counterpart of the classical background is considered to be a degenerate state of the off-shell longitudinal gravitons with the frequency of the order of the Hubble scale. As a result, the origin of the density perturbations in the slow-roll regime is identified as an uncertainty in the position of the constituent inflatons. While in the regime of eternal inflation, the scattering of the constituent gravitons becomes the relevant source of the density perturbations. The gravitational waves, on the other hand, originate from the annihilation of the constituent longitudinal gravitons at all energy scales. This results in the quantum depletion of the classical background, leading to the upper bound on the number of e-folds, after which the semi-classical description is expected to break down; this is estimated to be of the order of the entropy of the initial Hubble patch."
"Despite impressive phenomenological success, cosmological models are incomplete without an understanding of what happened at the big bang singularity. Maxwell electrodynamics, considered as a source of the classical Einstein field equations, leads to the singular isotropic Friedmann solutions. In the context of Friedmann–Robertson–Walker (FRW) spacetime, we show that singular behavior does not occur for a class of nonlinear generalizations of the electromagnetic theory for strong fields. A new mathematical model is proposed for which the analytical nonsingular extension of FRW solutions is obtained by using the nonlinear magnetic monopole fields."
"We perform a likelihood analysis of the constraints from accelerator experiments and astrophysical observations on supersymmetric (SUSY) models with SU(5) boundary conditions on soft SUSY-breaking parameters at the GUT scale. The parameter space of the models studied has seven parameters: a universal gaugino mass , distinct masses for the scalar partners of matter fermions in five- and ten-dimensional representations of SU(5), and , and for the and Higgs representations and , a universal trilinear soft SUSY-breaking parameter , and the ratio of Higgs vevs . In addition to previous constraints from direct sparticle searches, low-energy and flavour observables, we incorporate constraints based on preliminary results from 13 TeV LHC searches for jets + [see pdf] events and long-lived particles, as well as the latest PandaX-II and LUX searches for direct Dark Matter detection. In addition to previously identified mechanisms for bringing the supersymmetric relic density into the range allowed by cosmology, we identify a novel coannihilation mechanism that appears in the supersymmetric SU(5) GUT model and discuss the role of coannihilation. We find complementarity between the prospects for direct Dark Matter detection and SUSY searches at the LHC."
"We propose a radiative seesaw model in an alternative left–right model without any bidoublet scalar fields, in which all the fermion masses in the standard model are generated through a canonical seesaw mechanism at the tree level. On the other hand the observed neutrino masses are generated at two-loop level. In this paper we focus on the neutrino sector and show how to induce the active neutrino masses. Then we discuss the observed neutrino oscillation, constraints from lepton flavor violations, new sources of the muon anomalous magnetic moment, a long-lived dark matter candidate with keV scale mass, and collider physics."
"In the CP-violating supersymmetric extension of the standard model with local gauged baryon and lepton symmetries (BLMSSM), there are new CP-violating sources which can give new contributions to the quark electric dipole moment (EDM). Considering the CP-violating phases, we analyze the EDMs of the quarks &lt;i&gt;c&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;t&lt;i/&gt;. We take into account the contributions from the one-loop diagrams. The numerical results are analyzed with some assumptions on the relevant parameter space. The numerical results for the &lt;i&gt;c&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;t&lt;i/&gt; EDMs can reach large values."
"We analyze the gravity-induced effects associated with a massless scalar field in a higher-dimensional spacetime being the tensor product of -dimensional Minkowski space and &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt;-dimensional spherically/cylindrically symmetric space with a solid/planar angle deficit. These spacetimes are considered as simple models for a multidimensional global monopole (if ) or cosmic string (if ) with flat extra dimensions. Thus, we refer to them as conical backgrounds. In terms of the angular-deficit value, we derive the perturbative expression for the scalar Green function, valid for any and , and compute it to the leading order. With the use of this Green function we compute the renormalized vacuum expectation value of the field square and the renormalized vacuum averaged of the scalar-field energy-momentum tensor for arbitrary &lt;i&gt;d&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt; from the interval mentioned above and arbitrary coupling constant to the curvature . In particular, we revisit the computation of the vacuum polarization effects for a non-minimally coupled massless scalar field in the spacetime of a straight cosmic string. The same Green function enables to consider the old purely classical problem of the gravity-induced self-action of a classical point-like scalar or electric charge, placed at rest at some fixed point of the space under consideration. To deal with divergences, which appear in consideration of the two problems, we apply the dimensional-regularization technique, widely used in quantum field theory. The explicit dependence of the results upon the dimensionalities of both the bulk and conical submanifold is discussed."
"We obtain a new static model of the TOV equation for an anisotropic fluid distribution by imposing the Karmarkar condition. In order to close the system of equations we postulate an interesting form for the gravitational potential, which allows us to solve for metric component via the Karmarkar condition. We demonstrate that the new interior solution has well-behaved physical attributes and can be utilized to model relativistic static fluid spheres. By using observational data sets for the radii and masses for compact stars such as 4U 1538-52, LMC X-4, and PSR J1614-2230 we show that our solution describes these objects to a very good degree of accuracy. The physical plausibility of the solution depends on a parameter &lt;i&gt;c&lt;i/&gt; for a particular star. For 4U 1538-52, LMC X-4, and PSR J1614-2230 the solutions are well behaved for , and , respectively. The behavior of the thermodynamical and physical variables of these compact objects leads us to conclude that the parameter &lt;i&gt;c&lt;i/&gt; plays an important role in determining the equation of state of the stellar material and observed that smaller values of &lt;i&gt;c&lt;i/&gt; lead to stiffer equation of states."
"We determine the charm quark mass from QCD sum rules of the moments of the vector current correlator calculated in perturbative QCD at . Only experimental data for the charm resonances below the continuum threshold are needed in our approach, while the continuum contribution is determined by requiring self-consistency between various sum rules, including the one for the zeroth moment. Existing data from the continuum region can then be used to bound the theoretic uncertainty. Our result is  MeV for , where the central value is in very good agreement with other recent determinations based on the relativistic sum rule approach. On the other hand, there is considerably less agreement regarding the theory dominated uncertainty and we pay special attention to the question how to quantify and justify it."
"We analyze the most recent data for the pion vector form factor in the timelike region, employing a model-independent approach based on dispersion theory. We confirm earlier observations about the inconsistency of different modern high-precision data sets. Excluding the BaBar data, we find an updated value for the isospin-violating branching ratio . As a side result, we also extract an improved value for the pion vector or charge radius, , where the first uncertainty is statistical as derived from the fit, while the second estimates the possible size of nonuniversal radiative corrections. In addition, we demonstrate that modern high-quality data for the decay will allow for an even improved determination of the transition strength ."
"We propose a non-minimally coupled gravity model in form to describe the radiation fluid stars which have the radiative equation of state between the energy density and the pressure &lt;i&gt;p&lt;i/&gt; given by Here is the Maxwell invariant and &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) is a function of the Ricci scalar &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;. We give the gravitational and electromagnetic field equations in differential form notation taking the infinitesimal variations of the model. We look for electrically charged star solutions to the field equations under the constraint eliminating complexity of the higher order terms in the field equations. We determine the non-minimally coupled function &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) and the corresponding model which admits new exact solutions in the interior of the star and the Reissner–Nordstrom solution at the exterior region. Using the vanishing pressure condition at the boundary together with the continuity conditions of the metric functions and the electric charge, we find the mass–radius ratio, charge–radius ratio, and the gravitational surface redshift depending on the parameter of the model for the radiation fluid star. We derive general restrictions for the ratios and redshift of the charged compact stars. We obtain a slightly smaller upper mass–radius ratio limit than the Buchdahl bound 4 / 9 and a smaller upper redshift limit than the bound of the standard general relativistic stars."
"In this paper, we analyze the effects of thermal fluctuations on a STU black hole. We observe that these thermal fluctuations can affect the stability of a STU black hole. We will also analyze the effects of these thermal fluctuations on the thermodynamics of a STU black hole. Furthermore, in the Jacobson formalism such a modification will produce a deformation of the geometry of the STU black hole. Hence, we use the AdS/CFT correspondence to analyze the effect of such a deformation on the dual quark–gluon plasma. So, we explicitly analyze the effect of thermal fluctuations on the shear viscosity to entropy ratio in the quark–gluon plasma, and we analyze the effects of thermal fluctuations on this ratio."
"The – transition form factors are calculated within the QCD factorization framework. The -meson is assumed to be mainly generated through its Fock component. The corresponding spin wave function of the meson is constructed and, combined with a model light-cone wave function for this Fock component, used in the calculation of the form factors. In the real-photon limit the results for the transverse form factor are compared to the large momentum-transfer data measured by the BELLE collaboration recently. It turns out that, for the momentum-transfer range explored by BELLE, the collinear approximation does not suffice, power corrections to it, modeled as quark transverse moment effects, seem to be needed. Mixing of the with the is also briefly discussed."
"The recent observation of &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(5568) by the D0 Collaboration has aroused a lot of interest both theoretically and experimentally. In the present work, we first point out that &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(5568) and cannot simultaneously be of molecular nature, from the perspective of heavy-quark symmetry and chiral symmetry, based on a previous study of the lattice QCD scattering lengths of &lt;i&gt;DK&lt;i/&gt; and its coupled channels. Then we compute the discrete energy levels of the and system in finite volume using unitary chiral perturbation theory. The comparison with the latest lattice QCD simulation, which disfavors the existence of &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(5568), supports our picture where the and interactions are weak and &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(5568) cannot be a and molecular state. In addition, we show that the extended Weinberg compositeness condition also indicates that &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(5568) cannot be a molecular state made from and interactions."
"We utilize the recent LHC-13 TeV data to study the lower mass bound on the top-squark (stop) in natural supersymmetry. We recast the LHC sparticle inclusive search of [see pdf] 1) [see pdf] with variable, the direct stop pair search (1-lepton channel and all-hadronic channel) and the monojet analyses. We find that these searches are complementary depending on stop and higgsino masses: for a heavy stop the all-hadronic stop pair search provides the strongest bound, for an intermediate stop the inclusive SUSY analysis with variable is most efficient, while for a compressed stop–higgsino scenario the monojet search plays the key role. Finally, the lower mass bound on a stop is: (1) 320 GeV for compressed stop–higgsino scenario (mass splitting less than 20 GeV); (2) 765 (860) GeV for higgsinos lighter than 300 (100) GeV."
"The production cross section of a W boson in association with two b jets is measured using a sample of proton–proton collisions at collected by the CMS experiment at the CERN LHC. The data sample corresponds to an integrated luminosity of 19.8. The W bosons are reconstructed via their leptonic decays, , where or . The fiducial region studied contains exactly one lepton with transverse momentum and pseudorapidity , with exactly two b jets with and and no other jets with and . The cross section is measured to be +, in agreement with standard model predictions."
"In this work we present a determination of the mass, width, and coupling of the resonances that appear in kaon–pion scattering below 1.8 GeV. These are: the much debated scalar -meson, nowadays known as , the scalar , the and vectors, the spin-two as well as the spin-three . The parameters will be determined from the pole associated to each resonance by means of an analytic continuation of the scattering amplitudes obtained in a recent and precise data analysis constrained with dispersion relations, which were not well satisfied in previous analyses. This analytic continuation will be performed by means of Padé approximants, thus avoiding a particular model for the pole parameterization. We also pay particular attention to the evaluation of uncertainties."
"A non-diagonal vielbein ansatz is applied to the &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt;-dimension field equations of &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity. An analytical vacuum solution is derived for the quadratic polynomial and an inverse relation between the coupling constant and the cosmological constant . Since the induced metric has off-diagonal components, it cannot be removed by a mere coordinate transformation, the solution has a rotating parameter. The curvature and torsion scalars invariants are calculated to study the singularities and horizons of the solution. In contrast to general relativity, the Cauchy horizon differs from the horizon which shows the effect of the higher order torsion. The general expression of the energy-momentum vector of &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity is used to calculate the energy of the system. Finally, we have shown that this kind of solution satisfies the first law of thermodynamics in the framework of &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravitational theories."
"A &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt;-dimensional gravitational model with a Gauss–Bonnet term and the cosmological term is considered. By assuming diagonal cosmological metrics, we find, for a certain fine-tuned , a class of solutions with exponential time dependence of two scale factors, governed by two Hubble-like parameters and , corresponding to factor spaces of dimensions and , respectively, with and . Any of these solutions describes an exponential expansion of three-dimensional subspace with Hubble parameter &lt;i&gt;H&lt;i/&gt; and zero variation of the effective gravitational constant &lt;i&gt;G&lt;i/&gt;. We prove the stability of these solutions in a class of cosmological solutions with diagonal metrics."
"Based on the observation that the skyrmion in Skyrme theory can be viewed as a dressed monopole, we show that the skyrmions have two independent topology, the baryon topology and the monopole topology . With this we propose to classify the skyrmions by two topological numbers (&lt;i&gt;m&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt;), the monopole number &lt;i&gt;m&lt;i/&gt; and the shell (radial) number &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt;. In this scheme the popular (non spherically symmetric) skyrmions are classified as the (&lt;i&gt;m&lt;i/&gt;, 1) skyrmions but the spherically symmetric skyrmions are classified as the (1, &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt;) skyrmions, and the baryon number &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt; is given by . Moreover, we show that the vacuum of the Skyrme theory has the structure of the vacuum of the Sine-Gordon theory and QCD combined together, which can also be classified by two topological numbers (&lt;i&gt;p&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;q&lt;i/&gt;). This puts the Skyrme theory in a totally new perspective."
"Five-dimensional Chern–Simons theory with (anti-)de Sitter SO(1,5) or SO(2,4) gauge invariance presents an alternative to general relativity with cosmological constant. We consider the zero modes of its Kaluza–Klein compactification to four dimensions. Solutions with vanishing torsion are obtained in the cases of a spherically symmetric 3-space and of a homogeneous and isotropic 3-space, which reproduce the Schwarzshild–de Sitter and CDM cosmological solutions of general relativity. We also check that vanishing torsion is a stable feature of the solutions."
"Continuing our analysis of parton distributions in the nucleon, we extend our light-front quark model in order to obtain both the helicity-independent and the helicity-dependent parton distributions, analytically matching the results of global fits at the initial scale GeV; they also contain the correct Dokshitzer–Gribov–Lipatov–Altarelli–Parisi evolution. We also calculate the transverse parton, Wigner and Husimi distributions from a unified point of view, using our light-front wave functions and expressing them in terms of the parton distributions and . Our results are very relevant for the current and future program of the COMPASS experiment at SPS (CERN)."
"Here we present neutrino oscillation in the framework of quantum walks. Starting from a one spatial dimensional discrete-time quantum walk we present a scheme of evolutions that will simulate neutrino oscillation. The set of quantum walk parameters which is required to reproduce the oscillation probability profile obtained in both, long range and short range neutrino experiment is explicitly presented. Our scheme to simulate three-generation neutrino oscillation from quantum walk evolution operators can be physically realized in any low energy experimental set-up with access to control a single six-level system, a multiparticle three-qubit or a qubit–qutrit system. We also present the entanglement between spins and position space, during neutrino propagation that will quantify the wave function delocalization around instantaneous average position of the neutrino. This work will contribute towards understanding neutrino oscillation in the framework of the quantum information perspective."
"We show that Minkowski higher-derivative quantum field theories are generically inconsistent, because they generate nonlocal, non-hermitian ultraviolet divergences, which cannot be removed by means of standard renormalization procedures. By “Minkowski theories” we mean theories that are defined directly in Minkowski spacetime. The problems occur when the propagators have complex poles, so that the correlation functions cannot be obtained as the analytic continuations of their Euclidean versions. The usual power counting rules fail and are replaced by much weaker ones. Self-energies generate complex divergences proportional to inverse powers of D’Alembertians. Three-point functions give more involved nonlocal divergences, which couple to infrared effects. We illustrate the violations of the locality and hermiticity of counterterms in scalar models and higher-derivative gravity."
"The DAMA experiment using ultra low background NaI(Tl) crystal scintillators has measured an annual modulation effect in the keV region which satisfies all the peculiarities of an effect induced by Dark Matter particles. In this paper we analyze this annual modulation effect in terms of mirror Dark Matter, an exact duplicate of ordinary matter from parallel hidden sector, which chemical composition is dominated by mirror helium while it can also contain significant fractions of heavier elements as Carbon and Oxygen. Dark mirror atoms are considered to interact with the target nuclei in the detector via Rutherford-like scattering induced by kinetic mixing between mirror and ordinary photons, both being massless. In the present analysis we consider various possible scenarios for the mirror matter chemical composition. For all the scenarios, the relevant ranges for the kinetic mixing parameter have been obtained taking also into account various existing uncertainties in nuclear and particle physics quantities."
"We present the results of the first IceCube search for dark matter annihilation in the center of the Earth. Weakly interacting massive particles (WIMPs), candidates for dark matter, can scatter off nuclei inside the Earth and fall below its escape velocity. Over time the captured WIMPs will be accumulated and may eventually self-annihilate. Among the annihilation products only neutrinos can escape from the center of the Earth. Large-scale neutrino telescopes, such as the cubic kilometer IceCube Neutrino Observatory located at the South Pole, can be used to search for such neutrino fluxes. Data from 327 days of detector livetime during 2011/2012 were analyzed. No excess beyond the expected background from atmospheric neutrinos was detected. The derived upper limits on the annihilation rate of WIMPs in the Earth and the resulting muon flux are an order of magnitude stronger than the limits of the last analysis performed with data from IceCube’s predecessor AMANDA. The limits can be translated in terms of a spin-independent WIMP–nucleon cross section. For a WIMP mass of 50 GeV this analysis results in the most restrictive limits achieved with IceCube data."
"The Thomas–Fermi approach to galaxy structure determines self-consistently and non-linearly the gravitational potential of the fermionic warm dark matter (WDM) particles given their quantum distribution function &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;E&lt;i/&gt;). This semiclassical framework accounts for the quantum nature and high number of DM particles, properly describing gravitational bounded and quantum macroscopic systems as neutron stars, white dwarfs and WDM galaxies. We express the main galaxy magnitudes as the halo radius , mass , velocity dispersion and phase space density in terms of the surface density which is important to confront to observations. From these expressions we &lt;b&gt;derive&lt;b/&gt; the general equation of state for galaxies, i.e., the relation between pressure and density, and provide its analytic expression. Two regimes clearly show up: (1) Large diluted galaxies for and effective temperatures K described by the classical self-gravitating WDM Boltzman gas with a space-dependent perfect gas equation of state, and (2) Compact dwarf galaxies for K described by the quantum fermionic WDM regime with a steeper equation of state close to the degenerate state. In particular, the degenerate or extreme quantum limit yields the most compact and smallest galaxy. In the diluted regime, the halo radius , the squared velocity and the temperature turn to exhibit square-root of &lt;b&gt;scaling&lt;b/&gt; laws. The normalized density profiles and the normalized velocity profiles are &lt;b&gt;universal&lt;b/&gt; functions of reflecting the WDM perfect gas behavior in this regime. These theoretical results contrasted to robust and independent sets of galaxy data remarkably reproduce the observations. For the small galaxies, , the equation of state is galaxy mass dependent and the density and velocity profiles are not anymore universal, accounting to the quantum physics of the self-gravitating WDM fermions in the compact regime (near, but not at, the degenerate state). It would be extremely interesting to dispose of dwarf galaxy observations which could check these quantum effects."
"Bipartite on-shell diagrams are the latest tool in constructing scattering amplitudes. In this paper we prove that a Britto–Cachazo–Feng–Witten (BCFW) decomposable on-shell diagram process a rational top form if and only if the algebraic ideal comprised the geometrical constraints are shifted linearly during successive BCFW integrations. With a proper geometric interpretation of the constraints in the Grassmannian manifold, the rational top form integration contours can thus be obtained, and understood, in a straightforward way. All rational top form integrands of arbitrary higher loops leading singularities can therefore be derived recursively, as long as the corresponding on-shell diagram is BCFW decomposable."
"We use the framework of the p19MSSM to perform a fit to the mild excesses over the Standard Model background recently observed in three bins of the ATLAS 1-lepton  (b-)jets   search. We find a few types of spectra that can fit the emerging signal and at the same time are not excluded by other LHC searches. They can be grouped roughly in two categories. The first class is characterized by the presence of one stop or stop and sbottoms with mass in the ballpark of 700– and a neutralino LSP of mass around , with or without the additional presence of an intermediate chargino. In the second type of scenarios the stop, lightest chargino, sbottom if present, and the neutralino are about or heavier than and the signal originates from cascade decays of squarks of the 1st and 2nd generation, which should have a mass of 1.1–. For the best-fit scenarios, we compare the global chi-squared with several ATLAS and CMS searches with the corresponding chi-squared of the Standard Model expectation, showing that the putative signal is also favored globally with respect to the background-only hypothesis. We point out that if the observed excess persists in the next round of data, it should be accompanied by associated significant excesses in all-hadronic final-state searches."
"In this article, we tentatively assign the &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(3915) and &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(4500) to be the ground state and the first radial excited state of the axialvector–diquark–axialvector–antidiquark type scalar tetraquark states, respectively, assign the &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(4700) to be the ground state vector–diquark–vector–antidiquark type scalar tetraquark state, and study their masses and pole residues with the QCD sum rules in detail by calculating the contributions of the vacuum condensates up to dimension 10. The numerical results support assigning the &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(3915) and &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(4500) to be the ground state and the first radial excited state of the axialvector–diquark–axialvector–antidiquark type scalar tetraquark states, respectively, and assigning the &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(4700) to be the ground state vector–diquark–vector–antidiquark type scalar tetraquark state."
"Multiple elliptic polylogarithms can be written as (multiple) integrals of products of basic hypergeometric functions. The latter are computable, to arbitrary precision, using a &lt;i&gt;q&lt;i/&gt;-difference equation and &lt;i&gt;q&lt;i/&gt;-contiguous relations."
"The production of two prompt mesons, each with transverse momenta  GeV and rapidity , is studied using a sample of proton-proton collisions at  TeV, corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 11.4 fb collected in 2012 with the ATLAS detector at the LHC. The differential cross-section, assuming unpolarised production, is measured as a function of the transverse momentum of the lower- meson, di- and mass, the difference in rapidity between the two mesons, and the azimuthal angle between the two mesons. The fraction of prompt pair events due to double parton scattering is determined by studying kinematic correlations between the two mesons. The total and double parton scattering cross-sections are compared with predictions. The effective cross-section of double parton scattering is measured to be  mb."
"The experimental findings reported in our original paper de Sangro et al. (Eur. Phys. J. C 75:137, 2015) have been criticized in Shabad (Eur. Phys. J. C 76:508, 2016). We believe that the arguments brought in Shabad (Eur. Phys. J. C 76:508, 2016) are not correct and we show evidence for this."
"Recent work based on an approximation method suggested some odd behaviors may be possible in solutions to a generalized model for compact stars. We show that it was the error in these approximations and error coming from non-physical boundary conditions which lead to the odd behavior. As it turns out, the generalized model for compact stars actually admits an exact solution, and we obtain this exact solution in closed form. The exact solution agrees with what one would physically expect from a compact star, and hence we use this solutions to calculate various quantities of physical interest in closed form, without having to resort to approximations."
"Recently, Ciufolini et al. reported on a test of the general relativistic gravitomagnetic Lense–Thirring effect by analyzing about 3.5 years of laser ranging data to the LAGEOS, LAGEOS II, LARES geodetic satellites orbiting the Earth. By using the GRACE-based GGM05S Earth’s global gravity model and a linear combination of the nodes of the three satellites designed to remove the impact of errors in the first two even zonal harmonic coefficients of the multipolar expansion of the Newtonian part of the Earth’s gravitational potential, they claimed an overall accuracy of for the Lense–Thirring caused node motion. We show that the scatter in the nominal values of the uncancelled even zonals of degree from some of the most recent global gravity models does not yet allow to reach unambiguously and univocally the expected level, being large up to for some pairs of models."
"The decays and are observed for the first time using a data sample corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 3.0 fb, collected by the LHCb experiment in proton–proton collisions at the centre-of-mass energies of 7 and 8. The branching fractions relative to that of are measured to be where the first uncertainties are statistical and the second are systematic."
"Under coherent interactions, particles undergo correlated collisions with the crystal lattice and their motion result in confinement in the fields of atomic planes, i.e. particle channeling. Other than coherently interacting with the lattice, particles also suffer incoherent interactions with individual nuclei and may leave their bounded motion, i.e., they de-channel. The latter is the main limiting factor for applications of coherent interactions in crystal-assisted particle steering. We experimentally investigated the nature of de-channeling of 120 GeV/c and in a bent silicon crystal at H4-SPS external line at CERN. We found that while channeling efficiency differs significantly for ( ) and ( ), their nuclear de-channeling length is comparable, mm for and mm for . The experimental proof of the equality of the nuclear de-channeling length for positrons and electrons is interpreted in terms of similar dynamics undergone by the channeled particles in the field of nuclei irrespective of their charge."
"Direct searches for lepton flavour violation in decays of the Higgs and &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; bosons with the ATLAS detector at the LHC are presented. The following three decays are considered: , , and . The searches are based on the data sample of proton–proton collisions collected by the ATLAS detector corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 20.3  at a centre-of-mass energy of  TeV. No significant excess is observed, and upper limits on the lepton-flavour-violating branching ratios are set at the 95 confidence level: Br, Br, and Br."
"In this paper, we investigate the pp superfluid phases in the complex vector field holographic p-wave model. We find that in the probe limit, the pp phase and the p-wave phase are equally stable, hence the p and &lt;i&gt;i&lt;i/&gt;p orders can be mixed with an arbitrary ratio to form more general pp phases, which are also equally stable with the p-wave and pp phases. As a result, the system possesses a degenerate thermal state in the superfluid region. We further study the case on considering the back-reaction on the metric, and we find that the degenerate ground states will be separated into p-wave and pp phases, and the p-wave phase is more stable. Finally, due to the different critical temperature of the zeroth order phase transitions from p-wave and pp phases to the normal phase, there is a temperature region where the pp phase exists but the p-wave phase does not. In this region we find the stable holographic pp phase for the first time."
"We study the effects produced by sterile Majorana neutrinos on the flux traversing the Earth, considering the interaction between the Majorana neutrinos and the standard matter as modeled by an effective theory. The surviving tau-neutrino flux is calculated using transport equations including Majorana neutrino production and decay. We compare our results with the pure Standard Model interactions, computing the surviving flux for different values of the effective lagrangian couplings, considering the detected flux by IceCube for an operation time of 10 years, and Majorana neutrinos with mass ."
"We perform a parameter scan of the phenomenological Minimal Supersymmetric Standard Model (pMSSM) with eight parameters taking into account the experimental Higgs boson results from Run I of the LHC and further low-energy observables. We investigate various MSSM interpretations of the Higgs signal at . First, we consider the case where the light -even Higgs boson of the MSSM is identified with the discovered Higgs boson. In this case it can impersonate the SM Higgs-like signal either in the &lt;i&gt;decoupling limit&lt;i/&gt;, or in the limit of &lt;i&gt;alignment without decoupling&lt;i/&gt;. In the latter case, the other states in the Higgs sector can also be light, offering good prospects for upcoming LHC searches and for searches at future colliders. Second, we demonstrate that the heavy -even Higgs boson is still a viable candidate to explain the Higgs signal – albeit only in a highly constrained parameter region, that will be probed by LHC searches for the -odd Higgs boson and the charged Higgs boson in the near future. As a guidance for such searches we provide new benchmark scenarios that can be employed to maximize the sensitivity of the experimental analysis to this interpretation."
"The hypothesis of a PeVatron in the Galactic Center, emerged with the recent -ray measurements of H.E.S.S. [1], motivates the search for neutrinos from this source. The effect of -ray absorption is studied: at the energies currently probed, the known background radiation fields lead to small effects, whereas it is not possible to exclude large effects due to new IR radiation fields near the very center. Precise upper limits on neutrino fluxes are derived and the underlying hypotheses are discussed. The expected number of events for ANTARES, IceCube and KM3NeT, based on the H.E.S.S. measurements, are calculated. It is shown that km-class telescopes in the Northern hemisphere have the potential of observing high-energy neutrinos from this important astronomical object and can check the existence of a hadronic PeV galactic accelerator."
"In this paper we discuss a phase space analysis of various interacting Chaplygin gas models in general relativity. Linear and nonlinear sign changeable interactions are considered. For each case appropriate late time attractors of field equations are found. The Chaplygin gas is one of the dark fluids actively considered in modern cosmology due to the fact that it is a joint model of dark energy and dark matter."
NaN
"We study a family of Maxwell–Higgs models, described by the inclusion of a function of the scalar field that represent generalized magnetic permeability. We search for vortex configurations which obey first-order differential equations that solve the equations of motion. We first deal with the asymptotic behavior of the field configurations, and then implement a numerical study of the solutions, the energy density and the magnetic field. We work with the generalized permeability having distinct profiles, giving rise to new models, and we investigate how the vortices behave, compared with the solutions of the corresponding standard models. In particular, we show how to build compact vortices, that is, vortex solutions with the energy density and magnetic field vanishing outside a compact region of the plane."
"We derive a working model for the Tolman–Oppenheimer–Volkoff equation for quark star systems within the modified -gravity class of models. We consider -gravity for a static spherically symmetric space-time. In this instance the metric is built from a more fundamental tetrad vierbein from which the metric tensor can be derived. We impose a linear &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) parameter, namely taking and investigate the behaviour of a linear energy-momentum tensor trace, . We also outline the restrictions which modified -gravity imposes upon the coupling parameters. Finally we incorporate the MIT bag model in order to derive the mass–radius and mass–central density relations of the quark star within -gravity."
"Collider events with multi-stage cascade decays fill out the kinematically allowed region in phase space with a density that is enhanced at the boundary. The boundary encodes all available information as regards the spectrum and is well populated even with moderate signal statistics due to this enhancement. In previous work, the improvement in the precision of mass measurements for cascade decays with three visible and one invisible particles was demonstrated when the full boundary information is used instead of endpoints of one-dimensional projections. We extend these results to cascade decays with four visible and one invisible particles. We also comment on how the topology of the cascade decay can be determined from the differential distribution of events in these scenarios."
"In this work, we have studied the possibility of setting up Bell’s inequality violating experiment in the context of cosmology, based on the basic principles of quantum mechanics. First we start with the physical motivation of implementing the Bell inequality violation in the context of cosmology. Then to set up the cosmological Bell violating test experiment we introduce a model independent theoretical framework using which we have studied the creation of new massive particles by implementing the WKB approximation method for the scalar fluctuations in the presence of additional time-dependent mass contribution in the cosmological perturbation theory. Here for completeness we compute the total number density and the energy density of the newly created particles in terms of the Bogoliubov coefficients using the WKB approximation method. Next using the background scalar fluctuation in the presence of a new time-dependent mass contribution, we explicitly compute the expression for the one point and two point correlation functions. Furthermore, using the results for a one point function we introduce a new theoretical cosmological parameter which can be expressed in terms of the other known inflationary observables and can also be treated as a future theoretical probe to break the degeneracy amongst various models of inflation. Additionally, we also fix the scale of inflation in a model-independent way without any prior knowledge of primordial gravitational waves. Also using the input from a newly introduced cosmological parameter, we finally give a theoretical estimate for the tensor-to-scalar ratio in a model-independent way. Next, we also comment on the technicalities of measurements from isospin breaking interactions and the future prospects of newly introduced massive particles in a cosmological Bell violating test experiment. Further, we cite a precise example of this setup applicable in the context of string theory motivated axion monodromy model. Then we comment on the explicit role of the decoherence effect and high spin on cosmological Bell violating test experiment. Finally, we provide a theoretical bound on the heavy particle mass parameter for scalar fields, gravitons and other high spin fields from our proposed setup."
"Results on two-particle correlations in inelastic p + p interactions at 20, 31, 40, 80, and 158 GeV/c are presented. The measurements were performed using the large acceptance NA61/SHINE hadron spectrometer at the CERN Super Proton Synchrotron. The data show structures which can be attributed mainly to effects of resonance decays, momentum conservation, and quantum statistics. The results are compared with the Epos and UrQMD models."
"This paper examines unexplored correlations in the parameter spaces probed by recent ATLAS analyses for gluinos and squarks, addressing various shortcomings in the literature. Six 13 TeV ATLAS analyses based on 3.2 fb of integrated luminosity are interpreted in the 19-parameter R-parity conserving phenomenological minimal supersymmetric extension to the Standard Model (pMSSM). The distinct regions covered by each search are independent of prior, and we reveal particularly striking complementarity between the 2–6 jets and Multi-b searches. In the leptonic searches, we identify better sensitivity to models than those used for analysis optimisation, notably a squark–slepton–wino scenario for the SS/3L search. Further, we show how collider searches for coloured states probe the structure of the pMSSM dark sector more extensively than the Monojet analysis alone, with sensitivity to parameter spaces that are challenging for direct detection experiments."
"In a recent publication (Abdesselam et al. arXiv:1608.02344), the Belle collaboration updated their analysis of the inclusive weak radiative &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt;-meson decay, including the full dataset of pairs. Their result for the branching ratio is now below the Standard Model prediction (Misiak et al. Phys Rev Lett 114:221801, 2015, Czakon et al. JHEP 1504:168, 2015), though it remains consistent with it. However, bounds on the charged Higgs boson mass in the Two-Higgs-Doublet Model get affected in a significant manner. In the so-called Model II, the 95% C.L. lower bound on is now in the 570–800 GeV range, depending quite sensitively on the method applied for its determination. Our present note is devoted to presenting and discussing the updated bounds, as well as to clarifying several ambiguities that one might encounter in evaluating them. One of such ambiguities stems from the photon energy cutoff choice, which deserves re-consideration in view of the improved experimental accuracy."
"We write down the four-dimensional fully differential decay distribution for the top quark decay . We discuss how its eight physical parameters can be measured, either with a global fit or with the use of selected one-dimensional distributions and asymmetries. We give expressions for the top decay amplitudes for a general &lt;i&gt;tbW&lt;i/&gt; interaction, and show how the untangled measurement of the two components of the fraction of longitudinal &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; bosons – those with &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt; quark helicities of 1 / 2 and , respectively – could improve the precision of a global fit to the &lt;i&gt;tbW&lt;i/&gt; vertex."
"The three-body decays are studied based on the perturbative QCD approach. With the help of the nonperturbative two-pion distribution amplitudes, the analysis is simplified into the quasi-two-body processes. Besides the traditional factorizable and nonfactorizable diagrams at the leading order, the next-to-leading order vertex corrections are also included to cancel the scale dependence. The , resonance contributions as well as the nonresonant contributions are taken into account using the presently known time-like scalar form factor for the component. It is found that the predicted decay spectra in the pion pair invariant mass shows a similar behavior as the experiment. The calculated S-wave contributions to the branching ratio of is , which is in agreement with the LHCb data within errors. The estimate of can reach the order of , pending the corresponding measurements."
"This paper determines the existence of Noether symmetry in non-minimally coupled &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity admitting minimal coupling with scalar field models. We consider a generalized spacetime which corresponds to different anisotropic and homogeneous universe models. We formulate symmetry generators along with conserved quantities through Noether symmetry technique for direct and indirect curvature–matter coupling. For dust and perfect fluids, we evaluate exact solutions and construct their cosmological analysis through some cosmological parameters. We conclude that decelerated expansion is obtained for the quintessence model with a dust distribution, while a perfect fluid with dominating potential energy over kinetic energy leads to the current cosmic expansion for both phantom as well as quintessence models."
"In this article we offer a new interpretation of the T-dualization procedure of type II superstring theory in the double space framework. We use the ghost free action of type II superstring in pure spinor formulation in approximation of constant background fields up to the quadratic terms. T-dualization along any subset of the initial coordinates, , is equivalent to the permutation of this subset with subset of the corresponding T-dual coordinates, , in double space coordinate . Requiring that the T-dual transformation law after the exchange has the same form as the initial one, we obtain the T-dual NS–NS and NS–R background fields. The T-dual R–R field strength is determined up to one arbitrary constant under some assumptions. The compatibility between supersymmetry and T-duality produces a change of bar spinors and R–R field strength. If we dualize an odd number of dimensions , such a change flips type IIA/B to type II B/A. If we T-dualize the time-like direction, one imaginary unit &lt;i&gt;i&lt;i/&gt; maps type II superstring theories to type ones."
"A rigorous thermodynamic analysis has been done as regards the apparent horizon of a spatially flat Friedmann–Lemaitre–Robertson–Walker universe for the gravitationally induced particle creation scenario with constant specific entropy and an arbitrary particle creation rate . Assuming a perfect fluid equation of state with , the first law, the generalized second law (GSL), and thermodynamic equilibrium have been studied, and an expression for the total entropy (i.e., horizon entropy plus fluid entropy) has been obtained which does not contain explicitly. Moreover, a lower bound for the fluid temperature has also been found which is given by . It has been shown that the GSL is satisfied for . Further, when is constant, thermodynamic equilibrium is always possible for , while for and , equilibrium can never be attained. Thermodynamic arguments also lead us to believe that during the radiation phase, . When is not a constant, thermodynamic equilibrium holds if , however, such a condition is by no means necessary for the attainment of equilibrium."
"This paper describes the algorithms for the reconstruction and identification of electrons in the central region of the ATLAS detector at the Large Hadron Collider (LHC). These algorithms were used for all ATLAS results with electrons in the final state that are based on the 2012 &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collision data produced by the LHC at = 8 . The efficiency of these algorithms, together with the charge misidentification rate, is measured in data and evaluated in simulated samples using electrons from , and decays. For these efficiency measurements, the full recorded data set, corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 20.3 fb, is used. Based on a new reconstruction algorithm used in 2012, the electron reconstruction efficiency is 97% for electrons with   and 99% at  . Combining this with the efficiency of additional selection criteria to reject electrons from background processes or misidentified hadrons, the efficiency to reconstruct and identify electrons at the ATLAS experiment varies from 65 to 95%, depending on the transverse momentum of the electron and background rejection."
"This is a second study of chiral anomaly-induced transport within a holographic model consisting of anomalous Maxwell theory in Schwarzschild–AdS spacetime. In the first part, chiral magnetic/separation effects (CME/CSE) are considered in the presence of a static spatially inhomogeneous external magnetic field. Gradient corrections to CME/CSE are analytically evaluated up to third order in the derivative expansion. Some of the third order gradient corrections lead to an anomaly-induced negative -correction to the diffusion constant. We also find modifications to the chiral magnetic wave nonlinear in &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt;. In the second part, we focus on the experimentally interesting case of the axial chemical potential being induced dynamically by a constant magnetic and time-dependent electric fields. Constitutive relations for the vector/axial currents are computed employing two different approximations: (a) derivative expansion (up to third order) but fully nonlinear in the external fields, and (b) weak electric field limit but resuming all orders in the derivative expansion. A non-vanishing nonlinear axial current (CSE) is found in the first case. The dependence on magnetic field and frequency of linear transport coefficient functions is explored in the second."
"We compute the time variation of the fundamental constants (such as the ratio of the proton mass to the electron mass, the strong coupling constant, the fine-structure constant and Newton’s constant) within the context of the so-called &lt;i&gt;running vacuum models&lt;i/&gt; (RVMs) of the cosmic evolution. Recently, compelling evidence has been provided that these models are able to fit the main cosmological data (SNIa+BAO+H(z)+LSS+BBN+CMB) significantly better than the concordance CDM model. Specifically, the vacuum parameters of the RVM (i.e. those responsible for the dynamics of the vacuum energy) prove to be nonzero at a confidence level . Here we use such remarkable status of the RVMs to make definite predictions on the cosmic time variation of the fundamental constants. It turns out that the predicted variations are close to the present observational limits. Furthermore, we find that the time evolution of the dark matter particle masses should be crucially involved in the total mass variation of our Universe. A positive measurement of this kind of effects could be interpreted as strong support to the “micro–macro connection” (viz. the dynamical feedback between the evolution of the cosmological parameters and the time variation of the fundamental constants of the microscopic world), previously proposed by two of us (HF and JS)."
"The neutrinoless double-beta () decay is currently the only feasible process in particle and nuclear physics to probe whether massive neutrinos are the Majorana fermions. If they are of a Majorana nature and have a normal mass ordering, the effective neutrino mass term of a decay may suffer significant cancellations among its three components and thus sink into a decline, resulting in a “well” in the three-dimensional graph of against the smallest neutrino mass and the relevant Majorana phase . We present a new and complete analytical understanding of the fine issues inside such a well, and identify a novel threshold of in terms of the neutrino masses and flavor mixing angles: in connection with and . This threshold point, which links the &lt;i&gt;local&lt;i/&gt; minimum and maximum of , can be used to signify observability or sensitivity of the future -decay experiments. Given current neutrino oscillation data, the possibility of is found to be very small."
"We study the parameterized post-Newtonian approximation in teleparallel model of gravity with a scalar field. The scalar field is non-minimally coupled to the scalar torsion as well as to the boundary term introduced in Bahamonde and Wright (Phys Rev D 92:084034 arXiv:1508.06580v4 [gr-qc], 2015). We show that, in contrast to the case where the scalar field is only coupled to the scalar torsion, the presence of the new coupling affects the parameterized post-Newtonian parameters. These parameters for different situations are obtained and discussed."
"In the aligned two-Higgs-doublet model, we perform a complete one-loop computation of the short-distance Wilson coefficients , which are the most relevant ones for transitions. It is found that, when the model parameter is much smaller than , the charged scalar contributes mainly to chirality-flipped , with the corresponding effects being proportional to . Numerically, the charged-scalar effects fit into two categories: (A) are sizable, but , corresponding to the (large , small ) region; (B) and are sizable, but , corresponding to the (small , large ) region. Taking into account phenomenological constraints from the inclusive radiative decay , as well as the latest model-independent global analysis of data, we obtain the much restricted parameter space of the model. We then study the impact of the allowed model parameters on the angular observables and of decay, and we find that could be increased significantly to be consistent with the experimental data in case B."
"We study the two-body decays of the gluino at full one-loop level in the Minimal Supersymmetric Standard Model with quark-flavour violation (QFV) in the squark sector. The renormalisation is done in the scheme. The gluon and photon radiations are included by adding the corresponding three-body decay widths. We discuss the dependence of the gluino decay widths on the QFV parameters. The main dependence stems from the – mixing in the decays to up-type squarks, and from the – mixing in the decays to down-type squarks due to the strong constraints from B-physics on the other quark-flavour-mixing parameters. The full one-loop corrections to the gluino decay widths are mostly negative and of the order of about −10%. The QFV part stays small in the total width but can vary up to −8% for the decay width into the lightest squark. For the corresponding branching ratio the effect is somehow washed out by at least a factor of two. The electroweak corrections can be as large as 35% of the SUSY QCD corrections."
"In high energy physics (HEP) event simulations, petabytes of data are processed and stored requiring millions of CPU-years. This enormous demand for computing resources is handled by centers distributed worldwide, which form part of the LHC computing grid. The consumption of such an important amount of resources demands for an efficient production of simulation and for the early detection of potential errors. In this article we present a new monitoring framework for grid environments, which polls a measure of data quality during job execution. This online monitoring facilitates the early detection of configuration errors (specially in simulation parameters), and may thus contribute to significant savings in computing resources."
"We consider the corrections to single on-shell gauge boson production at hadron colliders. We concentrate on the contribution of all the subprocesses where the gauge boson is accompanied by the emission of two additional real partons and we evaluate the corresponding total cross sections. The latter are divergent quantities, because of soft and collinear emissions, and are expressed as Laurent series in the dimensional regularization parameter. The total cross sections are evaluated by means of reverse unitarity, i.e. expressing the phase-space integrals in terms of two-loop forward box integrals with cuts on the final-state particles. The results are reduced to a combination of master integrals, which eventually are evaluated in terms of generalized polylogarithms. The presence of internal massive lines in the Feynman diagrams, due to the exchange of electroweak gauge bosons, causes the appearance of 14 master integrals which were not previously known in the literature and have been evaluated via differential equations."
"In this paper we present two different classes of solutions for the Klein–Gordon equation in the presence of a scalar potential under the influence of noninertial effects in the cosmic string spacetime. We show that noninertial effects restrict the physical region of the spacetime where the particle can be placed, and furthermore that the energy levels are shifted by these effects. In addition, we show that the presence of a Coulomb-like scalar potential allows the formation of bound states when the Klein–Gordon equation is considered in this kind of spacetime."
"The basis of leading operators which are not invariant under baryon number is constructed within the Higgs effective field theory. This list contains 12 dimension six operators, which preserve the combination , to be compared to only 6 operators for the standard model effective field theory. The discussion of the independent flavour contractions is presented in detail for a generic number of fermion families adopting the Hilbert series technique."
"Using double and nonholonomic fibrations on Lorentz manifolds, we extend the concept of W-entropy for gravitational fields in general relativity (GR). Such F- and W-functionals were introduced in the Ricci flow theory of three dimensional (3-d) Riemannian metrics by Perelman (the entropy formula for the Ricci flow and its geometric applications. arXiv:math.DG/0211159). Non-relativistic 3-d Ricci flows are characterized by associated statistical thermodynamical values determined by W-entropy. Generalizations for geometric flows of 4-d pseudo-Riemannian metrics are considered for models with local thermodynamical equilibrium and separation of dissipative and non-dissipative processes in relativistic hydrodynamics. The approach is elaborated in the framework of classical field theories (relativistic continuum and hydrodynamic models) without an underlying kinetic description, which will be elaborated in other work. The splitting allows us to provide a general relativistic definition of gravitational entropy in the Lyapunov–Perelman sense. It increases monotonically as structure forms in the Universe. We can formulate a thermodynamic description of exact solutions in GR depending, in general, on all spacetime coordinates. A corresponding splitting with nonholonomic deformation of linear connection and frame structures is necessary for generating in very general form various classes of exact solutions of the Einstein and general relativistic geometric flow equations. Finally, we speculate on physical macrostates and microstate interpretations of the W-entropy in GR, geometric flow theories and possible connections to string theory (a second unsolved problem also contained in Perelman’s work) in Polyakov’s approach."
"We consider the Schwarzschild black hole and show how, in a theory with limiting curvature, the physical singularity “inside it” is removed. The resulting spacetime is geodesically complete. The internal structure of this nonsingular black hole is analogous to Russian nesting dolls. Namely, after falling into the black hole of radius , an observer, instead of being destroyed at the singularity, gets for a short time into the region with limiting curvature. After that he re-emerges in the near horizon region of a spacetime described by the Schwarzschild metric of a gravitational radius proportional to . In the next cycle, after passing the limiting curvature, the observer finds himself within a black hole of even smaller radius proportional to , and so on. Finally after a few cycles he will end up in the spacetime where he remains forever at limiting curvature."
"The ‘optimal’ factorization scale is calculated for open heavy quark production. We find that the optimal value is ; a choice which allows us to resum the double-logarithmic, corrections (enhanced at LHC energies by large values of ) and to move them into the incoming parton distributions, PDF. Besides this result for the single inclusive cross section (corresponding to an observed heavy quark of transverse momentum ), we also determined the scale for processes where the acoplanarity can be measured; that is, events where the azimuthal angle between the quark and the antiquark may be determined experimentally. Moreover, we discuss the important role played by the subprocesses, at NLO and higher orders. In summary, we achieve a better stability of the QCD calculations, so that the data on and production can be used to further constrain the gluons in the small &lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt;, relatively low scale, domain, where the uncertainties of the global analyses are large at present."
"Permanent electric dipole moments (EDMs) of fundamental particles provide powerful probes for physics beyond the Standard Model. We propose to search for the EDM of strange and charm baryons at LHC, extending the ongoing experimental program on the neutron, muon, atoms, molecules and light nuclei. The EDM of strange baryons, selected from weak decays of charm baryons produced in collisions at LHC, can be determined by studying the spin precession in the magnetic field of the detector tracking system. A test of symmetry can be performed by measuring the magnetic dipole moment of and baryons. For short-lived and baryons, to be produced in a fixed-target experiment using the 7 LHC beam and channeled in a bent crystal, the spin precession is induced by the intense electromagnetic field between crystal atomic planes. The experimental layout based on the LHCb detector and the expected sensitivities in the coming years are discussed."
"Dilatonic black hole dyon-like solutions in the gravitational 4&lt;i&gt;d&lt;i/&gt; model with a scalar field, two 2-forms, two dilatonic coupling constants , , obeying and the sign parameter for scalar field kinetic term are considered. Here corresponds to a ghost scalar field. These solutions are defined up to solutions of two master equations for two moduli functions, when for . Some physical parameters of the solutions are obtained: gravitational mass, scalar charge, Hawking temperature, black hole area entropy and parametrized post-Newtonian (PPN) parameters and . The PPN parameters do not depend on the couplings and . A set of bounds on the gravitational mass and scalar charge are found by using a certain conjecture on the parameters of solutions, when , ."
"In this work we derive some general features of the redshift measured by radially moving observers in the black hole background. Let observer 1 cross the black hole horizon emitting a photon, while observer 2 crossing the same horizon later receives it. We show that if (i) the horizon is the outer one (event horizon) and (ii) it is nonextremal, the received frequency is redshifted. This generalizes recent results in the literature. For the inner horizon (like in the Reissner–Nordström metric) the frequency is blueshifted. If the horizon is extremal, the frequency does not change. We derive explicit formulas describing the frequency shift in generalized Kruskal- and Lemaitre-like coordinates."
"Models with two scalar doublets are among the simplest extensions of the Standard Model which fulfill the relation at lowest order for the parameter as favored by experimental data for electroweak observables allowing only small deviations from unity. Such small deviations originate exclusively from quantum effects with special sensitivity to mass splittings between different isospin components of fermions and scalars. In this paper the dominant two-loop electroweak corrections to are calculated in the &lt;i&gt;CP&lt;i/&gt;-conserving THDM, resulting from the top-Yukawa coupling and the self-couplings of the Higgs bosons in the gauge-less limit. The on-shell renormalization scheme is applied. With the assumption that one of the &lt;i&gt;CP&lt;i/&gt;-even neutral scalars represents the scalar boson observed by the LHC experiments, with standard properties, the two-loop non-standard contributions in can be separated from the standard ones. These contributions are of particular interest since they increase with mass splittings between non-standard Higgs bosons and can be additionally enhanced by and , an additional free coefficient of the Higgs potential, and can thus modify the one-loop result substantially. Numerical results are given for the dependence on the various non-standard parameters, and the influence on the calculation of electroweak precision observables is discussed."
"We consider light propagation in an inhomogeneous irrotational dust universe with vanishing cosmological constant, with initial conditions as in standard linear perturbation theory. A non-perturbative approach to the dynamics of such a universe is combined with a distance formula based on the Sachs optical equations. Then a numerical study implies a redshift–distance relation that roughly agrees with observations. Interpreted in the standard homogeneous setup, our results would appear to imply the currently accepted values for the Hubble rate and the deceleration parameter; furthermore there is consistency with density perturbations at last scattering. The determination of these three quantities relies only on a single parameter related to a cutoff scale. Discrepancies with the existing literature are related to subtleties of higher order perturbation theory which make both the reliability of the present approach and the magnitude of perturbative effects beyond second order hard to assess."
"We discuss the validity of the Standard Model Effective Field Theory (SM EFT) as the low-energy effective theory for the two-Higgs-doublet Model (2HDM). Using the up-to-date Higgs signal strength measurements at the LHC, one can obtain a likelihood function for the Wilson coefficients of dimension-6 operators in the EFT Lagrangian. Given the matching between the 2HDM and the EFT, the constraints on the Wilson coefficients can be translated into constraints on the parameters of the 2HDM Lagrangian. We discuss under which conditions such a procedure correctly reproduces the true limits on the 2HDM. Finally, we employ the SM EFT to identify the pattern of the Higgs boson couplings that are needed to improve the fit to the current Higgs data. To this end, one needs, simultaneously, to increase the top Yukawa coupling, decrease the bottom Yukawa coupling, and induce a new contact interaction of the Higgs boson with gluons. We comment on how these modifications can be realized in the 2HDM extended by new colored particles."
"In this paper, we study some aspects of energy loss in non-relativistic theories from holography. We analyze the energy lost by a rotating heavy point particle along a circle of radius &lt;i&gt;l&lt;i/&gt; with angular velocity in theories with general dynamical exponent &lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt; and hyperscaling violation exponent . It is shown that this problem provides a novel perspective on the energy loss in such theories. A general computation at zero and finite temperature is done and it is shown how the total energy loss rate depends non-trivially on two characteristic exponents . We find that at zero temperature there is a special radius where the energy loss is independent of different values of . Also at zero temperature, there is a crossover between a regime in which the energy loss is dominated by the linear drag force and by the radiation because of the acceleration of the rotating particle. We find that the energy loss of the particle decreases by increasing and &lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;. We note that, unlike in the zero temperature, there is no special radius at finite temperature case."
"In this article, we assign &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4274) to the color octet–octet type axialvector molecule-like state with tentatively, and construct the color octet–octet type axialvector current to study its mass and width with the QCD sum rules in details. The predicted mass favors assigning the &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4274) to a color octet–octet type molecule-like state, but the predicted width strongly disfavors assigning the &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4274) to the color octet–octet type molecule-like state. The &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4274) may be the conventional charmonium state , and it is important to observe the decay to diagnose the nature of &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4274)."
"We apply a mixing framework to the light-meson systems and examine tetraquark possibility in the scalar channel. In the diquark–antidiquark model, a scalar diquark is a compact object when its color and flavor structures are in (, ). Assuming that all the quarks are in an &lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt;-wave, the spin-0 tetraquark formed out of this scalar diquark has only one spin configuration, , where &lt;i&gt;J&lt;i/&gt; is the spin of the tetraquark, the diquark spin, the antidiquark spin. In this construction of the scalar tetraquark, we notice that another compact diquark with spin-1 in (, ) can be used although it is less compact than the scalar diquark. The spin-0 tetraquark constructed from this vector diquark leads to the spin configuration . The two configurations, and , are found to mix strongly through the color–spin interaction. The physical states can be identified with certain mixtures of the two configurations which diagonalize the hyperfine masses of the color–spin interaction. Matching these states to two scalar resonances or to depending on the isospin channel, we find that their mass splittings are qualitatively consistent with the hyperfine mass splittings, which can support their tetraquark structure. To test our mixing scheme further, we also construct the tetraquarks for with the spin configurations and , and we discuss possible candidates in the physical spectrum."
"The cross section of top quark–antiquark pair production in proton–proton collisions at is measured by the CMS experiment at the LHC, using data corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 2.2. The measurement is performed by analyzing events in which the final state includes one electron, one muon, and two or more jets, at least one of which is identified as originating from hadronization of a b quark. The measured cross section is , in agreement with the expectation from the standard model."
"Determining the cosmological field equations is still very much debated and led to a wide discussion around different theoretical proposals. A suitable conceptual scheme could be represented by gravity models that naturally generalize Einstein theory like higher-order gravity theories and higher-dimensional ones. Both of these two different approaches allow one to define, at the effective level, Einstein field equations equipped with source-like energy-momentum tensors of geometrical origin. In this paper, the possibility is discussed to develop a five-dimensional fourth-order gravity model whose lower-dimensional reduction could provide an interpretation of cosmological four-dimensional matter–energy components. We describe the basic concepts of the model, the complete field equations formalism and the 5-D to 4-D reduction procedure. Five-dimensional &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) field equations turn out to be equivalent, on the four-dimensional hypersurfaces orthogonal to the extra coordinate, to an Einstein-like cosmological model with three matter–energy tensors related with higher derivative and higher-dimensional counter-terms. By considering the gravity model with the possibility is investigated to obtain five-dimensional power law solutions. The effective four-dimensional picture and the behaviour of the geometrically induced sources are finally outlined in correspondence to simple cases of such higher-dimensional solutions."
"The discovery of the and resonances in the charmed-strange meson spectra revealed that formerly successful constituent quark models lose predictability in the vicinity of two-meson thresholds. The emergence of non-negligible effects due to meson loops requires an explicit evaluation of the interplay between and Fock components. In contrast to the sector, there is no experimental evidence of bottom–strange states yet. Motivated by recent lattice studies, in this work the heavy-quark partners of the and states are analyzed within a heavy meson chiral unitary scheme. As a novelty, the coupling between the constituent quark-model P-wave scalar and axial mesons and the channels is incorporated employing an effective interaction, consistent with heavy-quark spin symmetry, constrained by the lattice energy levels."
"In this paper, we have analyzed the stability of cylindrically symmetric collapsing object filled with locally anisotropic fluid in &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) theory, where &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt; is the scalar curvature and &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt; is the trace of stress-energy tensor of matter. Modified field equations and dynamical equations are constructed in &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity. The evolution or collapse equation is derived from dynamical equations by performing a linear perturbation on them. The instability range is explored in both the Newtonian and the post-Newtonian regimes with the help of an adiabetic index, which defines the impact of the physical parameters on the instability range. Some conditions are imposed on the physical quantities to secure the stability of the gravitating sources."
"To solve the fine-tuning problem in -term hybrid inflation, we will realize the supersymmetry scenario with the TeV-scale supersymmetric particles and intermediate-scale gravitino from anomaly mediation, which can be consistent with the WMAP and Planck experiments. Moreover, we for the first time propose the -term hybrid inflation in no-scale supergravity. With four scenarios for the model, we show that the correct scalar spectral index can be obtained, while the tensor-to-scalar ratio &lt;i&gt;r&lt;i/&gt; is predicted to be tiny, about –. Also, the symmetry breaking scale is around  GeV, and all the supersymmetric particles except gravitino are around the TeV scale, while the gravitino mass is around – GeV. Considering the complete potential terms linear in &lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt;, we for the first time show that the tadpole term, which is the key for such kind of inflationary models to be consistent with the observed scalar spectral index, vanishes after inflation. Thus, to obtain the term, we need to generate the supersymmetry breaking soft term due to in no-scale supergravity, where and are vector-like Higgs fields at high energy. We show that the proper term can be obtained in the M-theory inspired no-scale supergravity. We also point out that around 700 GeV can be generated via the renormalization group equation running from string scale. We briefly comment on the supersymmetry phenomenological consequences as well."
"Description of hadronic reactions at high energies is conventionally done in the framework of QCD factorization. All factorization convolutions comprise non-perturbative inputs mimicking non-perturbative contributions and perturbative evolution of those inputs. We construct inputs for the gluon–hadron scattering amplitudes in the forward kinematics and, using the optical theorem, convert them into inputs for gluon distributions in the hadrons, embracing the cases of polarized and unpolarized hadrons. In the first place, we formulate mathematical criteria which any model for the inputs should obey and then suggest a model satisfying those criteria. This model is based on a simple reasoning: after emitting an active parton off the hadron, the remaining set of spectators becomes unstable and therefore it can be described through factors of the resonance type, so we call it the resonance model. We use it to obtain non-perturbative inputs for gluon distributions in unpolarized and polarized hadrons for all available types of QCD factorization: basic, -and collinear factorizations."
"The collapse scenario of a scalar field along with a perfect fluid distribution was investigated for a conformally flat spacetime. The theorem for the integrability of an anharmonic oscillator has been utilized. For a pure power-law potential of the form , it was found that a central singularity is formed which is covered by an apparent horizon for and . Some numerical results have also been presented for a combination of two different powers of in the potential."
"In this work, we investigate the hadronic loop contributions to the along with transitions. We predict that the branching ratios of , and are (0.68–4.62) , (0.50–3.43) , and (2.22–15.18) , respectively, and those of , and are (0.15–2.81) , (0.63–11.68) , and (1.08–20.02) , respectively. Especially, some typical ratios, which reflect the relative magnitudes of the predicted branching ratios, are given, i.e., for transitions, , , and , and for transitions, , , and . With the running of BelleII in the near future, experimental measurement of these two kinds of transitions will be a potential research issue."
"We present numerical tests and predictions of the KrkNLO method for matching of NLO QCD corrections to hard processes with LO parton-shower Monte Carlo generators (NLO+PS). This method was described in detail in our previous publications, where it was also compared with other NLO+PS matching approaches (MC@NLO and POWHEG) as well as fixed-order NLO and NNLO calculations. Here we concentrate on presenting some numerical results (cross sections and distributions) for (Drell–Yan) and Higgs-boson production processes at the LHC. The Drell–Yan process is used mainly to validate the KrkNLO implementation in the Herwig 7 program with respect to the previous implementation in Sherpa. We also show predictions for this process with the new, complete, MC-scheme parton distribution functions and compare them with our previously published results. Then we present the first results of the KrkNLO method for Higgs production in gluon–gluon fusion at the LHC and compare them with MC@NLO and POWHEG predictions from Herwig 7, fixed-order results from HNNLO and a resummed calculation from HqT, as well as with experimental data from the ATLAS collaboration."
"We introduce a global analysis of collinearly factorized nuclear parton distribution functions (PDFs) including, for the first time, data constraints from LHC proton–lead collisions. In comparison to our previous analysis, EPS09, where data only from charged-lepton–nucleus deep inelastic scattering (DIS), Drell–Yan (DY) dilepton production in proton–nucleus collisions and inclusive pion production in deuteron–nucleus collisions were the input, we now increase the variety of data constraints to cover also neutrino–nucleus DIS and low-mass DY production in pion–nucleus collisions. The new LHC data significantly extend the kinematic reach of the data constraints. We now allow much more freedom for the flavor dependence of nuclear effects than in other currently available analyses. As a result, especially the uncertainty estimates are more objective flavor by flavor. The neutrino DIS plays a pivotal role in obtaining a mutually consistent behavior for both up and down valence quarks, and the LHC dijet data clearly constrain gluons at large momentum fraction. Mainly for insufficient statistics, the pion–nucleus DY and heavy-gauge-boson production in proton–lead collisions impose less visible constraints. The outcome – a new set of next-to-leading order nuclear PDFs called EPPS16 – is made available for applications in high-energy nuclear collisions."
"We investigate observational constraints on a specific one-parameter extension to the minimal quintessence model, where the quintessence field acquires a quadratic coupling to the scalar curvature through a coupling constant . The value of is highly suppressed in typical tracker models if the late-time cosmic acceleration is driven at some field values near the Planck scale. We test in a second class of models in which the field value today becomes a free model parameter. We use the combined data from type-Ia supernovae, cosmic microwave background, baryon acoustic oscillations and matter power spectrum, to weak lensing measurements and find a best-fit value where is excluded outside the 95% confidence region. The effective gravitational constant subject to the hint of a non-zero is constrained to at the same confidence level on cosmological scales, and it can be narrowed down to when combining with Solar System tests."
"A measurement of the phase difference between the short- and long-distance contributions to the decay is performed by analysing the dimuon mass distribution. The analysis is based on &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collision data corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 3 collected by the LHCb experiment in 2011 and 2012. The long-distance contribution to the decay is modelled as a sum of relativistic Breit–Wigner amplitudes representing different vector meson resonances decaying to muon pairs, each with their own magnitude and phase. The measured phases of the and resonances are such that the interference with the short-distance component in dimuon mass regions far from their pole masses is small. In addition, constraints are placed on the Wilson coefficients, and , and the branching fraction of the short-distance component is measured."
"We investigate the newly observed &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(4500) and &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(4700) based on the diquark–antidiquark configuration within the framework of QCD sum rules. Both of them may be interpreted as the &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt;-wave tetraquark states of , but with opposite color structures, which is remarkably similar to the result obtained in Chen and Zhu (Phys Rev D 83:034010, 2011) that &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(4140) and &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(4274) can be both interpreted as the &lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt;-wave tetraquark states of , also with opposite color structures. However, the extracted masses and these suggested assignments to these &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt; states do depend on these running quark masses where  MeV and  GeV. As a byproduct, the masses of the hidden-bottom partner states of &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(4500) and &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(4700) are extracted to be both around 10.64 GeV, which can be searched for in the invariant mass distribution."
"The general theoretical ground for models based on compact angle coordinates is presented. It is observed that the proper dependence on compact coordinates has to be through the group elements and is achieved most naturally in a discrete-time formulation of the theory. By the construction, the discrete worldline inlaid by compact coordinates resembles the spin chains of magnetic systems. As examples, the models based on the groups U(1), and SU(2) are explicitly constructed and their exact energy spectra are obtained. As the consequence of the minima in the spectra, the models exhibit a phase transition of first order. We attempt to fit the dynamics by the U(1) group to the proposed role for monopoles in the dual Meissner effect of the confinement mechanism."
"We propose a classification of thermodynamic systems in terms of the homogeneity properties of their fundamental equations. Ordinary systems correspond to homogeneous functions and non-ordinary systems are given by generalized homogeneous functions. This affects the explicit form of the Gibbs–Duhem relation and Euler’s identity. We show that these generalized relations can be implemented in the formalism of black hole geometrothermodynamics in order to completely fix the arbitrariness present in Legendre invariant metrics."
"Very special relativity (VSR) keeps the main features of special relativity but breaks rotational invariance due to an intrinsic preferred direction. We study the VSR-modified extended BRST and anti-BRST symmetry of the Batalin–Vilkovisky (BV) actions corresponding to the -form gauge theories. Within the VSR framework, we discuss the extended BRST invariant and extended BRST and anti-BRST invariant superspace formulations for these BV actions. Here we observe that the VSR-modified extended BRST invariant BV actions corresponding to the -form gauge theories can be written in a manifestly covariant manner in a superspace with one Grassmann coordinate. Moreover, two Grassmann coordinates are required to describe the VSR-modified extended BRST and extended anti-BRST invariant BV actions in a superspace. These results are consistent with the Lorentz-invariant (special relativity) formulation."
"We present a new model for soft interactions in the event-generator Herwig. The model consists of two components. One to model diffractive final states on the basis of the cluster hadronization model and a second component that addresses soft multiple interactions as multiple particle production in multiperipheral kinematics. We present much improved results for minimum-bias measurements at various LHC energies."
"We study the Casimir interaction energy due to the vacuum fluctuations of the electromagnetic (EM) field in the presence of two mirrors, described by -dimensional, generally nonlocal actions, which may contain both parity-conserving and parity-breaking terms. We compare the results with the ones corresponding to Chern–Simons boundary conditions and evaluate the interaction energy for several particular situations."
"In this work, we systematically study the mass spectra and strong decays of 1&lt;i&gt;P&lt;i/&gt; and 2&lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt; charmed and charmed-strange baryons in the framework of non-relativistic constituent quark models. With the light quark cluster–heavy quark picture, the masses are simply calculated by a potential model. The strong decays are studied by the Eichten–Hill–Quigg decay formula. Masses and decay properties of the well-established 1&lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt; and 1&lt;i&gt;P&lt;i/&gt; states can be reproduced by our method. can be assigned as a or state. We prefer to interpret the signal as a state although at present we cannot thoroughly exclude the possibility that this is the same state as . or could be explained as the state or state, respectively. We propose to measure the branching ratio of in the future, which may disentangle the puzzle of this state. Our results support as the first radial excited state of with . The assignment of is analogous to , i.e., a or state. In addition, we predict some typical ratios among partial decay widths, which are valuable for experimental search for these missing charmed and charmed-strange baryons."
"We identify regions in a Type-II two-Higgs-doublet model which correspond to a metastable electroweak vacuum with lifetime larger than the age of the universe. We analyse scenarios which retain perturbative unitarity up to grand unification and Planck scales. Each point in the parameter space is restricted using data from the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) as well as flavour and precision electroweak constraints. We find that substantial regions of the parameter space are thus identified as corresponding to metastability, which complement the allowed regions for absolute stability, for top quark mass at the high as well as low end of its currently allowed range. Thus, a two-Higgs-doublet scenario with the electroweak vacuum, either stable or metastable, can sail through all the way up to the Planck scale without facing any contradiction."
"The approach of Causal Dynamical Triangulations (CDT), a candidate theory of nonperturbative quantum gravity in 4D, turns out to have a rich phase structure. We investigate the recently discovered bifurcation phase and relate some of its characteristics to the presence of singular vertices of very high order. The transition lines separating this phase from the “time-collapsed” &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt;-phase and the de Sitter phase are of great interest when searching for physical scaling limits. The work presented here sheds light on the mechanisms behind these transitions. First, we study how the &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt;– transition signal depends on the volume fixing implemented in the simulations, and find results compatible with the previously determined second-order character of the transition. The transition persists in a transfer matrix formulation, where the system’s time extension is taken to be minimal. Second, we relate the new – transition to the appearance of singular vertices, which leads to a direct physical interpretation in terms of a breaking of the homogeneity and isotropy observed in the de Sitter phase when crossing from to the bifurcation phase ."
"This review is devoted to the study of charm production in &lt;i&gt;ep&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collisions. The total set of measurements obtained by the two collaborations H1 and ZEUS from HERA and their combination is outlined, as well as complementary data obtained by the LHCb Collaboration at the LHC. After fitting the parton distribution functions the charm-production cross sections are predicted within perturbative QCD at next-to-leading order using the fixed-flavour-number scheme. Agreement with the data is found. The combined HERA charm data are sensitive to the &lt;i&gt;c&lt;i/&gt;-quark mass and enabled its accurate determination. The predictions crucially depend upon the knowledge of the gluon distribution function. It is shown that the shape of the gluon distribution based on the HERA data is considerably improved by adding the measurements from LHCb and applicable down to values &lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt; of about , where &lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt; is the proton momentum fraction carried by a parton."
"This review describes the development of the physics of hadronic cross sections up to recent LHC results and cosmic ray experiments. We present here a comprehensive review – written with a historical perspective – about total cross sections from medium to the highest energies explored experimentally and studied through a variety of methods and theoretical models for over 60 years. We begin by recalling the analytic properties of the elastic amplitude and the theorems about the asymptotic behavior of the total cross section. A discussion of how proton–proton cross sections are extracted from cosmic rays at higher than accelerator energies and help the study of these asymptotic limits, is presented. This is followed by a description of the advent of particle colliders, through which high energies and unmatched experimental precisions have been attained. Thus the measured hadronic elastic and total cross sections have become crucial instruments to probe the so called &lt;i&gt;soft&lt;i/&gt; part of QCD physics, where quarks and gluons are confined, and have led to test and refine Regge behavior and a number of diffractive models. As the c.m. energy increases, the total cross section also probes the transition into hard scattering describable with perturbative QCD, the so-called mini-jet region. Further tests are provided by cross section measurements of , and for models based on vector meson dominance, scaling limits of virtual photons at high and the BFKL formalism. Models interpolating from virtual to real photons are also tested. &lt;i&gt;It seems to us to be a necessary task to explore bit-by-bit the rigorous consequences of analyticity, unitarity and crossing. Who knows if someday one will not be able to reassemble the pieces of the puzzle. &lt;i/&gt; – A. Martin and F. Cheung, based on 1967 A.M. Lectures at Brandeis Summer School and Lectures at SUNY and Stony Brook (Martin and Cheung in Analyticity properties and bounds of the scattering amplitudes. Gordon and Breach Science, New York, 1970)."
"In the framework of the emergent gravity scenario by Verlinde, it was recently observed by Liu and Prokopec that, among other things, an anomalous pericenter precession would affect the orbital motion of a test particle orbiting an isolated central body. Here, it is shown that, if it were real, its expected magnitude for the inner planets of the Solar System would be at the same level of the present-day accuracy in constraining any possible deviations from their standard perihelion precessions as inferred from long data records spanning about the last century. The most favorable situation for testing the Verlinde-type precession seems to occur for Mars. Indeed, according to recent versions of the EPM and INPOP planetary ephemerides, non-standard perihelion precessions, of whatsoever physical origin, which are larger than some 0.02–0.11 milliarcseconds per century are not admissible, while the putative precession predicted by Liu and Prokopec amounts to 0.09 milliarcseconds per century. Other potentially interesting astronomical and astrophysical scenarios like, e.g., the Earth’s LAGEOS II artificial satellite, the double pulsar system PSR J0737-3039A/B and the S-stars orbiting the Supermassive Black Hole in Sgr A are, instead, not viable because of the excessive smallness of the predicted precessions for them."
"A well-established observation in nuclear physics is that in neutron-rich spherical nuclei the distribution of neutrons extends farther than the distribution of protons. In this work, we scrutinize the influence of this so called neutron-skin effect on the centrality dependence of high- direct-photon and charged-hadron production. We find that due to the estimated spatial dependence of the nuclear parton distribution functions, it will be demanding to unambiguously expose the neutron-skin effect with direct photons. However, when taking a ratio between the cross sections for negatively and positively charged high- hadrons, even centrality-dependent nuclear-PDF effects cancel, making this observable a better handle on the neutron skin. Up to 10% effects can be expected for the most peripheral collisions in the measurable region."
"We study the background conditions for a bounce uniquely driven by a single scalar field model with a generalized kinetic term &lt;i&gt;K&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;), without any additional matter field. At the background level we impose the existence of two turning points where the derivative of the Hubble parameter &lt;i&gt;H&lt;i/&gt; changes sign and of a bounce point where the Hubble parameter vanishes. We find the conditions for &lt;i&gt;K&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;) and the potential which ensure the above requirements. We then give the examples of two models constructed according to these conditions. One is based on a quadratic &lt;i&gt;K&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;), and the other on a &lt;i&gt;K&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;) which is avoiding divergences of the second time derivative of the scalar field, which may otherwise occur. An appropriate choice of the initial conditions can lead to a sequence of consecutive bounces, or oscillations of &lt;i&gt;H&lt;i/&gt;. In the region where these models have a constant potential they are adiabatic on any scale and because of this they may not conserve curvature perturbations on super-horizon scales. While at the perturbation level one class of models is free from ghosts and singularities of the classical equations of motion, in general gradient instabilities are present around the bounce time, because the sign of the squared speed of sound is opposite to the sign of the time derivative of &lt;i&gt;H&lt;i/&gt;. We discuss how this kind of instabilities could be avoided by modifying the Lagrangian by introducing Galilean terms in order to prevent a negative squared speed of sound around the bounce."
"We present results from an analysis looking for dark matter annihilation in the Sun with the IceCube neutrino telescope. Gravitationally trapped dark matter in the Sun’s core can annihilate into Standard Model particles making the Sun a source of  GeV neutrinos. IceCube is able to detect neutrinos with energies &gt;100 GeV while its low-energy infill array DeepCore extends this to &gt;10 GeV. This analysis uses data gathered in the austral winters between May 2011 and May 2014, corresponding to 532 days of livetime when the Sun, being below the horizon, is a source of up-going neutrino events, easiest to discriminate against the dominant background of atmospheric muons. The sensitivity is a factor of two to four better than previous searches due to additional statistics and improved analysis methods involving better background rejection and reconstructions. The resultant upper limits on the spin-dependent dark matter-proton scattering cross section reach down to  pb for a dark matter particle of mass 500 GeV annihilating exclusively into particles. These are currently the most stringent limits on the spin-dependent dark matter-proton scattering cross section for WIMP masses above 50 GeV."
"We present theoretical predictions for the production of top-quark pairs with up to three jets at the next-to leading order in perturbative QCD. The relevant calculations are performed with Sherpa and OpenLoops. To address the issue of scale choices and related uncertainties in the presence of multiple scales, we compare results obtained with the standard scale at fixed order and the MiNLO procedure. Analyzing various cross sections and distributions for  jets at the 13 TeV LHC we find a remarkable overall agreement between fixed-order and MiNLO results. The differences are typically below the respective factor-two scale variations, suggesting that for all considered jet multiplicities missing higher-order effects should not exceed the ten percent level."
"Two searches for new phenomena in final states containing a same-flavour opposite-sign lepton (electron or muon) pair, jets, and large missing transverse momentum are presented. These searches make use of proton–proton collision data, collected during 2015 and 2016 at a centre-of-mass energy   by the ATLAS detector at the large hadron collider, which correspond to an integrated luminosity of . Both searches target the pair production of supersymmetric particles, squarks or gluinos, which decay to final states containing a same-flavour opposite-sign lepton pair via one of two mechanisms: a leptonically decaying &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; boson in the final state, leading to a peak in the dilepton invariant-mass distribution around the &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; boson mass; and decays of neutralinos (e.g. ), yielding a kinematic endpoint in the dilepton invariant-mass spectrum. The data are found to be consistent with the Standard Model expectation. Results are interpreted in simplified models of gluino-pair (squark-pair) production, and provide sensitivity to gluinos (squarks) with masses as large as 1.70  (980 )."
"An important background in detectors using liquid xenon for rare event searches arises from the decays of radon and its daughters. We report for the first time a reduction of Rn in the gas phase above a liquid xenon reservoir. We show a reduction factor of for the Rn concentration in boil-off xenon gas compared to the radon enriched liquid phase. A semiconductor-based -detector and miniaturized proportional counters are used to detect the radon. As the radon depletion in the boil-off gas is understood as a single-stage distillation process, this result establishes the suitability of cryogenic distillation to separate radon from xenon down to the  mol/mol level."
"In the present work we study the consequences of considering an inflationary universe model in which the Hubble rate has a quasi-exponential dependence in the inflaton field, given by . We analyze the inflation dynamics under the Hamilton–Jacobi approach, which allows us to consider , rather than , as the fundamental quantity to be specified. By comparing the theoretical predictions of the model together with the allowed contour plots in the plane and the amplitude of primordial scalar perturbations from the latest Planck data, the parameters charactering this model are constrained. The model predicts values for the tensor-to-scalar ratio &lt;i&gt;r&lt;i/&gt; and for the running of the scalar spectral index consistent with the current bounds imposed by Planck, and we conclude that the model is viable."
"This paper reports a search for triboson production in two decay channels ( and with ) in proton-proton collision data corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 20.3  at a centre-of-mass energy of 8 with the ATLAS detector at the Large Hadron Collider. Events with exactly three charged leptons, or two leptons with the same electric charge in association with two jets, are selected. The total number of events observed in data is consistent with the Standard Model (SM) predictions. The observed 95% confidence level upper limit on the SM production cross section is found to be 730 fb with an expected limit of 560 fb in the absence of SM production. Limits are also set on &lt;i&gt;WWWW&lt;i/&gt; anomalous quartic gauge couplings."
"We consider a model based on symmetry to explain the phenomenon of neutrino mixing. The spontaneous symmetry breaking of symmetry leads to a co-bimaximal mixing matrix at leading order. We consider the effect of higher order corrections in neutrino sector and find that the mixing angles thus obtained, come well within the ranges of their experimental values. We study the implications of this formalism on the other phenomenological observables, such as CP violating phase, Jarlskog invariant and the effective Majorana mass . We also obtain the branching ratio of the lepton flavour violating decay in the context of this model and find that it can be less than its present experimental upper bound."
"We propose a new experiment to measure the running of the electromagnetic coupling constant in the space-like region by scattering high-energy muons on atomic electrons of a low-&lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; target through the elastic process . The differential cross section of this process, measured as a function of the squared momentum transfer , provides direct sensitivity to the leading-order hadronic contribution to the muon anomaly . By using a muon beam of 150 GeV, with an average rate of 1.3 muon/s, currently available at the CERN North Area, a statistical uncertainty of 0.3% can be achieved on after two years of data taking. The direct measurement of via scattering will provide an independent determination, competitive with the time-like dispersive approach, and consolidate the theoretical prediction for the muon &lt;i&gt;g&lt;i/&gt;-2 in the Standard Model. It will allow therefore a firmer interpretation of the measurements of the future muon &lt;i&gt;g&lt;i/&gt;-2 experiments at Fermilab and J-PARC."
"We revisit the sensitivity study of the Tokai-to-Kamioka-and-Korea (T2KK) and Tokai-to-Kamioka-and-Oki (T2KO) proposals where a water erenkov  detector with the 100 kton fiducial volume is placed in Korea ( km) and Oki island ( km) in Japan, respectively, in addition to the Super-Kamiokande for determination of the neutrino mass hierarchy and leptonic CP phase (). We systematically study the running ratio of the and focusing beams with dedicated background estimation for the appearance and disappearance signals, especially improving treatment of the neutral-current backgrounds. Using a – beam ratio between 3:2 and 2.5:2.5 (in units of POT with the proton energy of 40 GeV), the mass-hierarchy determination with the median sensitivity of 3–5 by the T2KK and 1–4 by the T2KO experiment are expected when , depending on the mass-hierarchy pattern and CP phase. These sensitivities are enhanced (reduced) by 30– in when . The CP phase is measured with the uncertainty of – by the T2KK and T2KO using the – focusing beam ratio between 3.5:1.5 and 1.5:3.5. These findings indicate that inclusion of the focusing beam improves the sensitivities of the T2KK and T2KO experiments to both the mass-hierarchy determination and the leptonic CP phase measurement simultaneously with the preferred beam ratio being between 3:2–2.5:2.5 (POT)."
"We consider a vector–tensor gravitational model with terms quadratic in the Maxwell tensor derivatives, called the Bopp–Podolsky term. The gravitational field equations of the model and the equations describing the evolution of the vector field are obtained and their Newtonian limit is investigated. The cosmological implications of a Bopp–Podolsky type dark energy term are investigated for a Bianchi type I homogeneous and anisotropic geometry for two models, corresponding to the absence and presence of the self-interacting potential of the field, respectively. The time evolutions of the Hubble function, of the matter energy density, of the shear scalar, of the mean anisotropy parameter, and of the deceleration parameter, respectively, as well as the field potentials are obtained for both cases by numerically integrating the cosmological evolution equations. In the presence of the vector type dark energy with quadratic terms in the Maxwell tensor derivatives, depending on the numerical values of the model parameters, the Bianchi type I Universe experiences a complex dynamical evolution, with the dust Universes ending in an isotropic phase. The presence of the self-interacting potential of the vector field significantly shortens the time interval necessary for the full isotropization of the Universe."
"This paper reports the measurement of meson production in proton–proton () and proton–lead () collisions at a center-of-mass energy per nucleon pair of by the CMS experiment at the LHC. The data samples used in the analysis correspond to integrated luminosities of 28 and 35 for and collisions, respectively. Prompt and nonprompt mesons, the latter produced in the decay of hadrons, are measured in their dimuon decay channels. Differential cross sections are measured in the transverse momentum range of , and center-of-mass rapidity ranges of () and (). The nuclear modification factor, , is measured as a function of both and . Small modifications to the cross sections are observed in relative to collisions. The ratio of production cross sections in -going and Pb-going directions, , studied as functions of and , shows a significant decrease for increasing transverse energy deposited at large pseudorapidities. These results, which cover a wide kinematic range, provide new insight on the role of cold nuclear matter effects on prompt and nonprompt production."
"We perform a likelihood analysis of the minimal anomaly-mediated supersymmetry-breaking (mAMSB) model using constraints from cosmology and accelerator experiments. We find that either a wino-like or a Higgsino-like neutralino LSP, , may provide the cold dark matter (DM), both with similar likelihoods. The upper limit on the DM density from Planck and other experiments enforces after the inclusion of Sommerfeld enhancement in its annihilations. If most of the cold DM density is provided by the , the measured value of the Higgs mass favours a limited range of (and also for if ) but the scalar mass is poorly constrained. In the wino-LSP case, is constrained to about and to , whereas in the Higgsino-LSP case has just a lower limit () and is constrained to in the () scenario. In neither case can the anomalous magnetic moment of the muon, , be improved significantly relative to its Standard Model (SM) value, nor do flavour measurements constrain the model significantly, and there are poor prospects for discovering supersymmetric particles at the LHC, though there are some prospects for direct DM detection. On the other hand, if the contributes only a fraction of the cold DM density, future LHC [see pdf] -based searches for gluinos, squarks and heavier chargino and neutralino states as well as disappearing track searches in the wino-like LSP region will be relevant, and interference effects enable to agree with the data better than in the SM in the case of wino-like DM with ."
"We study the inflationary perturbations in general (classically) scale-invariant theories. Such scenario is motivated by the hierarchy problem and provides natural inflationary potentials and dark matter candidates. We analyse in detail all sectors (the scalar, vector and tensor perturbations) giving general formulae for the potentially observable power spectra, as well as for the curvature spectral index and the tensor-to-scalar ratio &lt;i&gt;r&lt;i/&gt;. We show that the conserved Hamiltonian for all perturbations does not feature negative energies even in the presence of the Weyl-squared term if the appropriate quantisation is performed and argue that this term does not lead to phenomenological problems at least in some relevant setups. The general formulae are then applied to a concrete no-scale model, which includes the Higgs and a scalar, “the planckion”, whose vacuum expectation value generates the Planck mass. Inflation can be triggered by a combination of the planckion and the Starobinsky scalar and we show that no tension with observations is present even in the case of pure planckion inflation, if the coefficient of the Weyl-squared term is large enough. In general, even quadratic inflation is allowed in this case. Moreover, the Weyl-squared term leads to an isocurvature mode, which currently satisfies the observational bounds, but it may be detectable with future experiments."
"In General Relativity, addressing coupling to a non-linear electromagnetic field, together with a negative cosmological constant, we obtain the general static spherical symmetric black hole solution with magnetic charges, which is asymptotic to anti-de Sitter (AdS) space-times. In particular, for a degenerate case the solution becomes a Hayward–AdS black hole, which is regular everywhere in the full space-time. The existence of such a regular black hole solution preserves the weak energy condition, while the strong energy condition is violated. We then derive the first law and the Smarr formula of the black hole solution. We further discuss its thermodynamic properties and study the critical phenomena in the extended phase space where the cosmological constant is treated as a thermodynamic variable as well as the parameter associated with the non-linear electrodynamics. We obtain many interesting results such as: the Maxwell equal area law in the (or ) diagram is violated and consequently the critical point of the first order small–large black hole transition does not coincide with the inflection point () of the isotherms; the Clapeyron equation describing the coexistence curve of the Van der Waals (vdW) fluid is no longer valid; the heat capacity at constant pressure is finite at the critical point; the various exponents near the critical point are also different from those of the vdW fluid."
"We have performed calculations for the nonleptonic and decays and the same reactions replacing the by a . At the same time we have also evaluated the semileptonic rates for and . We look at the reactions from the perspective that the and resonances are dynamically generated from the pseudoscalar–baryon and vector–baryon interactions. We evaluate ratios of the rates of these reactions and make predictions that can be tested in future experiments. We also find that the results are rather sensitive to the coupling of the resonances to the and components."
"This paper presents a measurement of the polarisation of &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; bosons from decays, reconstructed in events with one high- lepton and at least four jets. Data from &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collisions at the LHC were collected at = 8 TeV and correspond to an integrated luminosity of 20.2 fb. The angle between the &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-quark from the top quark decay and a direct &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; boson decay product in the &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; boson rest frame is sensitive to the &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; boson polarisation. Two different &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; decay products are used as polarisation analysers: the charged lepton and the down-type quark for the leptonically and hadronically decaying &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; boson, respectively. The most precise measurement of the &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; boson polarisation via the distribution of is obtained using the leptonic analyser and events in which at least two of the jets are tagged as &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-quark jets. The fitted fractions of longitudinal, left- and right-handed polarisation states are , and , and are the most precisely measured &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; boson polarisation fractions to date. Limits on anomalous couplings of the &lt;i&gt;Wtb&lt;i/&gt; vertex are set."
"We propose a new pressure-parametrization model to explain the accelerated expansion of the late-time Universe by considering the baryon matter and dark contents (dark matter and dark energy) as a unified dark fluid. To realize this model more physically, we reconstruct it with the quintessence and phantom scalar fields, respectively. We use the recent cosmological data to constrain this model, distinguish it from the standard cosmological model and find that the value of the Hubble constant supports the global measurement by the Planck satellite at the confidence level."
"We study the impact of dimension-six operators of the standard model effective field theory relevant for vector-boson fusion and associated Higgs boson production at the LHC. We present predictions at the next-to-leading order accuracy in QCD that include matching to parton showers and that rely on fully automated simulations. We show the importance of the subsequent reduction of the theoretical uncertainties in improving the possible discrimination between effective field theory and standard model results, and we demonstrate that the range of the Wilson coefficient values allowed by a global fit to LEP and LHC Run I data can be further constrained by LHC Run II future results."
"We study effects coming from finite size, chemical potential and from a magnetic background on a massive version of a four-fermion interacting model. This is performed in four dimensions as an application of recent developments for dealing with field theories defined on toroidal spaces. We study effects of the magnetic field and chemical potential on the size-dependent phase structure of the model, in particular, how the applied magnetic field affects the size-dependent critical temperature. A connection with some aspects of the hadronic phase transition is established."
"Three-flavoured neutrino oscillations are investigated in the light of the Leggett–Garg inequality (LGI). The results obtained are: (a) The maximum violation of the LGI is 2.17036 for neutrino path length km and km. (b) The presence of the mixing angle enhances the maximum violation of LGI by . (c) The currently known mass hierarchy parameter increases the maximum violation of LGI by . (d) The presence of a CP-violating phase parameter enhances the maximum violation of LGI by , thus providing an &lt;i&gt;alternative indicator of CP violation&lt;i/&gt; in three-flavoured neutrino oscillations. The outline of an experimental proposal is suggested whereby the findings of this investigation may be verified."
"A generalized version for the Rastall theory is proposed showing the agreement with the cosmic accelerating expansion. In this regard, a coupling between geometry and the pressureless matter fields is derived which may play the role of dark energy, responsible for the current accelerating expansion phase. Moreover, our study also shows that the radiation field may not be coupled to the geometry in a non-minimal way which represents that the ordinary energy-momentum conservation law is respected by the radiation source. It is also shown that the primary inflationary era may be justified by the ability of the geometry to couple to the energy-momentum source in an empty flat FRW universe. In fact, this ability is independent of the existence of the energy-momentum source and may compel the empty flat FRW universe to expand exponentially. Finally, we consider a flat FRW universe field by a spatially homogeneous scalar field evolving in potential , and study the results of applying the slow-roll approximation to the system which may lead to an inflationary phase for the universe expansion."
"Future experiments such as SHiP and high-intensity colliders will have a superb sensitivity to heavy Majorana neutrinos with masses below . We show that the measurement of the mixing to electrons and muons of one such state could establish the existence of CP violating phases in the neutrino mixing matrix, in the context of low-scale seesaw models. We quantify in the minimal model the CP reach of these future experiments, and demonstrate that CP violating phases in the mixing matrix could be established at 5 CL in a very significant fraction of parameter space."
"A key research question at the Large Hadron Collider is the test of models of new physics. Testing if a particular parameter set of such a model is excluded by LHC data is a challenge: it requires time consuming generation of scattering events, simulation of the detector response, event reconstruction, cross section calculations and analysis code to test against several hundred signal regions defined by the ATLAS and CMS experiments. In the BSM-AI project we approach this challenge with a new idea. A machine learning tool is devised to predict within a fraction of a millisecond if a model is excluded or not directly from the model parameters. A first example is SUSY-AI, trained on the phenomenological supersymmetric standard model (pMSSM). About 300, 000 pMSSM model sets – each tested against 200 signal regions by ATLAS – have been used to train and validate SUSY-AI. The code is currently able to reproduce the ATLAS exclusion regions in 19 dimensions with an accuracy of at least . It has been validated further within the constrained MSSM and the minimal natural supersymmetric model, again showing high accuracy. SUSY-AI and its future BSM derivatives will help to solve the problem of recasting LHC results for any model of new physics. SUSY-AI can be downloaded from http://susyai.hepforge.org/. An on-line interface to the program for quick testing purposes can be found at http://www.susy-ai.org/."
"We study the &lt;i&gt;P&lt;i/&gt;–&lt;i&gt;V&lt;i/&gt; criticality and phase transition in the extended phase space of anti-de Sitter (AdS) black holes in higher-dimensional de Rham, Gabadadze and Tolley (dRGT) massive gravity, treating the cosmological constant as pressure and the corresponding conjugate quantity is interpreted as thermodynamic volume. Besides the usual small/large black hole phase transitions, the interesting thermodynamic phenomena of reentrant phase transitions (RPTs) are observed for black holes in all -dimensional spacetime when the coupling coefficients of massive potential satisfy some certain conditions."
"We show that, starting from known exact classical solutions of the Yang–Mills theory in three dimensions, the string tension is obtained and the potential is consistent with a marginally confining theory. The potential we obtain agrees fairly well with preceding findings in the literature but here we derive it analytically from the theory without further assumptions. The string tension is in strict agreement with lattice results and the well-known theoretical result by Karabali–Kim–Nair analysis. Classical solutions depend on a dimensionless numerical factor arising from integration. This factor enters into the determination of the spectrum and has been arbitrarily introduced in some theoretical models. We derive it directly from the solutions of the theory and is now fully justified. The agreement obtained with the lattice results for the ground state of the theory is well below 1% at any value of the degree of the group."
"We present a sample of results for the cross sections of several processes of low energetic annihilation into final states containing pions accompanied by one or two photons, or a light lepton pair. The results, which have been obtained with a new version of a multipurpose Monte Carlo program carlomat, labelled 3.1, demonstrate new capabilities of the program which, among others, include a possibility of taking into account either the initial or final state radiation separately, or both at a time, and a possibility of inclusion of the electromagnetic charged pion form factor for processes with charged pion pairs. We also discuss some problems related to the &lt;i&gt;U&lt;i/&gt;(1) electromagnetic gauge invariance."
"We revisit the calculation of the width for the radiative decay of a heavy meson via the channel in the covariant light-front quark model. We carry out the reduction of the light-front amplitude in the non-relativistic limit, explicitly computing the leading and next-to-leading order relativistic corrections. This shows the consistency of the light-front approach with the non-relativistic formula for this electric dipole transition. Furthermore, the theoretical uncertainty in the predicted width is studied as a function of the inputs for the heavy-quark mass and wave function structure parameter. We analyze the specific decays and . We compare our results with experimental data and with other theoretical predictions from calculations based on non-relativistic models and their extensions to include relativistic effects, finding reasonable agreement."
"The nuclear modification factor and the azimuthal anisotropy coefficient of prompt and nonprompt (i.e. those from decays of b hadrons) mesons, measured from PbPb and pp collisions at at the LHC, are reported. The results are presented in several event centrality intervals and several kinematic regions, for transverse momenta and rapidity , extending down to in the range. The of prompt is found to be nonzero, but with no strong dependence on centrality, rapidity, or over the full kinematic range studied. The measured of nonprompt is consistent with zero. The of prompt exhibits a suppression that increases from peripheral to central collisions but does not vary strongly as a function of either &lt;i&gt;y&lt;i/&gt; or in the fiducial range. The nonprompt shows a suppression which becomes stronger as rapidity or increases. The and of open and hidden charm, and of open charm and beauty, are compared."
"In this paper, we have explored the effects of dissipation on the dynamics of charged bulk viscous collapsing cylindrical source which allows the out-flow of heat flux in the form of radiations. The Misner–Sharp formalism has been implemented to drive the dynamical equation in terms of proper time and radial derivatives. We have investigated the effects of charge and bulk viscosity on the dynamics of collapsing cylinder. To determine the effects of radial heat flux, we have formulated the heat transport equations in the context of Müller–Israel–Stewart theory by assuming that thermodynamics viscous/heat coupling coefficients can be neglected within some approximations. In our discussion, we have introduced the viscosity by the standard (non-causal) thermodynamics approach. The dynamical equations have been coupled with the heat transport equation; the consequences of the resulting coupled heat equation have been analyzed in detail."
"In curved space-time, the Hamilton–Jacobi equation is a semi-classical particle equation of motion, which plays an important role in the research of black hole physics. In this paper, starting from the Dirac equation of spin 1/2 fermions and the Rarita–Schwinger equation of spin 3/2 fermions, respectively, we derive a Hamilton–Jacobi equation for the non-stationary spherically symmetric gravitational field background. Furthermore, the quantum tunneling of a charged spherically symmetric Kinnersly black hole is investigated by using the Hamilton–Jacobi equation. The result shows that the Hamilton–Jacobi equation is helpful to understand the thermodynamic properties and the radiation characteristics of a black hole."
"We show that the four-dimensional Lovelock–Cartan action can be derived from a massless gauge theory for the &lt;i&gt;SO&lt;i/&gt;(1, 3) group with an additional BRST trivial part. The model is originally composed of a topological sector and a BRST exact piece and has no explicit dependence on the metric, the vierbein or a mass parameter. The vierbein is introduced together with a mass parameter through some BRST trivial constraints. The effect of the constraints is to identify the vierbein with some of the additional fields, transforming the original action into the Lovelock–Cartan one. In this scenario, the mass parameter is identified with Newton’s constant, while the gauge field is identified with the spin connection. The symmetries of the model are also explored. Moreover, the extension of the model to a quantum version is qualitatively discussed."
"We discuss a modification of the next-to-next-to-leading order (NNLO) subtraction scheme based on the residue-improved sector decomposition that reduces the number of double-real emission sectors from five to four. In particular, a sector where energies and angles of unresolved particles vanish in a correlated fashion is redundant and can be discarded. This simple observation allows us to formulate a transparent iterative subtraction procedure for double-real emission contributions, to demonstrate the cancellation of soft and collinear singularities in an explicit and (almost) process-independent way and to write the result of a NNLO calculation in terms of quantities that can be computed in four space-time dimensions. We illustrate this procedure explicitly in the simple case of gluonic corrections to the Drell–Yan process of annihilation into a lepton pair. We show that this framework leads to fast and numerically stable computation of QCD corrections."
"In the context of the Higgs model involving gauge and Yukawa interactions with the spontaneous gauge symmetry breaking, we consider inflation with non-minimal gravitational coupling, where the Higgs field is identified as the inflaton. Since the inflaton quartic coupling is very small, once quantum corrections through the gauge and Yukawa interactions are taken into account, the inflaton effective potential most likely becomes unstable. In order to avoid this problem, we need to impose stability conditions on the effective inflaton potential, which lead to not only non-trivial relations amongst the particle mass spectrum of the model, but also correlations between the inflationary predictions and the mass spectrum. For concrete discussion, we investigate the minimal extension of the standard model with identification of the Higgs field as the inflaton. The stability conditions for the inflaton effective potential fix the mass ratio amongst the gauge boson, the right-handed neutrinos and the inflaton. This mass ratio also correlates with the inflationary predictions. In other words, if the gauge boson and the right-handed neutrinos are discovered in the future, their observed mass ratio provides constraints on the inflationary predictions."
"Generalized parton distributions are investigated within a holographic approach where the string modes in the fifth dimension describe the nucleon in a bottom–up or AdS/QCD framework. The aim is to bring the AdS/QCD results in the realm of phenomenology in order to extract consequences and previsions. Two main aspects are studied: (i) the role of the confining potential needed for breaking conformal invariance and introducing confinement (both: classic soft-wall and recent infra-red potentials are investigated); (ii) the extension of the predicted GPDs to the entire range of off-forward kinematics by means of double distributions. Higher Fock states are included describing the nucleon as a superposition of three valence quarks and quark–antiquark pairs and gluons."
"The azimuthal correlations of D mesons with charged particles were measured with the ALICE apparatus in pp collisions at and p–Pb collisions at at the Large Hadron Collider. , , and mesons and their charge conjugates with transverse momentum and rapidity in the nucleon-nucleon centre-of-mass system (pp collisions) and (p–Pb collisions) were correlated to charged particles with . The yield of charged particles in the correlation peak induced by the jet containing the D meson and the peak width are compatible within uncertainties in the two collision systems. The data are described within uncertainties by Monte-Carlo simulations based on PYTHIA, POWHEG, and EPOS 3 event generators."
"Despite the finiteness of stress tensor for a scalar field on the four-dimensional Schwarzschild black hole in the Israel–Hartle–Hawking vacuum, the Tolman temperature in thermal equilibrium is certainly divergent on the horizon due to the infinite blue-shift of the Hawking temperature. The origin of this conflict is due to the fact that the conventional Tolman temperature was based on the assumption of a traceless stress tensor, which is, however, incompatible with the presence of the trace anomaly responsible for the Hawking radiation. Here, we present an effective Tolman temperature which is compatible with the presence of the trace anomaly by using the modified Stefan–Boltzmann law. Eventually, the effective Tolman temperature turns out to be finite everywhere outside the horizon, and so an infinite blue-shift of the Hawking temperature at the event horizon does not appear any more. In particular, it is vanishing on the horizon, so that the equivalence principle is exactly recovered at the horizon."
"Using effective field theory techniques, we compute quantum corrections to spherically symmetric solutions of Einstein’s gravity and focus in particular on the Schwarzschild black hole. Quantum modifications are covariantly encoded in a non-local effective action. We work to quadratic order in curvatures simultaneously taking local and non-local corrections into account. Looking for solutions perturbatively close to that of classical general relativity, we find that an eternal Schwarzschild black hole remains a solution and receives no quantum corrections up to this order in the curvature expansion. In contrast, the field of a massive star receives corrections which are fully determined by the effective field theory."
"Recent analysis of the WMAP and Planck data have shown the presence of a dip and a bump in the spectrum of primordial perturbations at the scales Mpc and Mpc, respectively. We analyze for the first time the effects of a local feature in the inflaton potential to explain the observed deviations from scale invariance in the primordial spectrum. We perform a best-fit analysis of the cosmic microwave background (CMB) radiation temperature and polarization data. The effects of the features can improve the agreement with observational data respect to the featureless model. The best-fit local feature affects the primordial curvature spectrum mainly in the region of the bump, leaving the spectrum unaffected on other scales."
"The reconstruction and calibration algorithms used to calculate missing transverse momentum ( ) with the ATLAS detector exploit energy deposits in the calorimeter and tracks reconstructed in the inner detector as well as the muon spectrometer. Various strategies are used to suppress effects arising from additional proton–proton interactions, called pileup, concurrent with the hard-scatter processes. Tracking information is used to distinguish contributions from the pileup interactions using their vertex separation along the beam axis. The performance of the reconstruction algorithms, especially with respect to the amount of pileup, is evaluated using data collected in proton–proton collisions at a centre-of-mass energy of 8 during 2012, and results are shown for a data sample corresponding to an integrated luminosity of . The simulation and modelling of  in events containing a &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; boson decaying to two charged leptons (electrons or muons) or a &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; boson decaying to a charged lepton and a neutrino are compared to data. The acceptance for different event topologies, with and without high transverse momentum neutrinos, is shown for a range of threshold criteria for , and estimates of the systematic uncertainties in the  measurements are presented."
"In two measures theories (TMT), in addition to the Riemannian measure of integration, being the square root of the determinant of the metric, we introduce a metric-independent density in four dimensions defined in terms of scalars by . With the help of a dilaton field we construct theories that are globally scale invariant. In particular, by introducing couplings of the dilaton to the Gauss–Bonnet (GB) topological density we obtain a theory that is scale invariant up to a total divergence. Integration of the field equation leads to an integration constant that breaks the global scale symmetry. We discuss the stabilizing effects of the coupling of the dilaton to the GB-topological density on the vacua with a very small cosmological constant and the resolution of the ‘TMT Vacuum-Manifold Problem’ which exists in the zero cosmological-constant vacuum limit. This problem generically arises from an effective potential that is a perfect square, and it gives rise to a vacuum manifold instead of a unique vacuum solution in the presence of many different scalars, like the dilaton, the Higgs, etc. In the non-zero cosmological-constant case this problem disappears. Furthermore, the GB coupling to the dilaton eliminates flat directions in the effective potential, and it totally lifts the vacuum-manifold degeneracy."
"In this paper we consider the dynamics of a massive spinor field in the background of the acoustic black hole spacetime. Although this effective metric is acoustic and describes the propagation of sound waves, it can be considered as a toy model for the gravitational black hole. In this manner, we study the properties of the dynamics of the fermion field in this “gravitational” rotating black hole as well as the vortex background. We compute the differential cross section through the use of the partial wave approach and show that an effect similar to the gravitational Aharonov–Bohm effect occurs for the massive fermion field moving in this effective metric. We discuss the limiting cases and compare the results with the massless scalar field case."
"Two new algorithms for use in the analysis of collision are developed to identify the flavour of mesons at production using pions and protons from the hadronization process. The algorithms are optimized and calibrated on data, using decays from collision data collected by LHCb at centre-of-mass energies of 7 and 8 TeV . The tagging power of the new pion algorithm is 60% greater than the previously available one; the algorithm using protons to identify the flavour of a meson is the first of its kind."
"Given the recent direct measurement of gravitational waves (GWs) by the LIGO–VIRGO collaboration, the coupling between electromagnetic fields and gravity have a special relevance since it opens new perspectives for future GW detectors and also potentially provides information on the physics of highly energetic GW sources. We explore such couplings using the field equations of electrodynamics on (pseudo) Riemann manifolds and apply it to the background of a GW, seen as a linear perturbation of Minkowski geometry. Electric and magnetic oscillations are induced that propagate as electromagnetic waves and contain information as regards the GW which generates them. The most relevant results are the presence of longitudinal modes and dynamical polarization patterns of electromagnetic radiation induced by GWs. These effects might be amplified using appropriate resonators, effectively improving the signal to noise ratio around a specific frequency. We also briefly address the generation of charge density fluctuations induced by GWs and the implications for astrophysics."
"The WZ production cross section is measured by the CMS experiment at the CERN LHC in proton–proton collision data samples corresponding to integrated luminosities of 4.9 collected at , and 19.6 at . The measurements are performed using the fully-leptonic WZ decay modes with electrons and muons in the final state. The measured cross sections for are and . Differential cross sections with respect to the boson , the leading jet , and the number of jets are obtained using the data. The results are consistent with standard model predictions and constraints on anomalous triple gauge couplings are obtained."
"To adopt a practical method to calculate the action of geometrical operators on quantum states is a crucial task in loop quantum gravity. In this paper, the graphical calculus based on the &lt;i&gt;original&lt;i/&gt; Brink graphical method is applied to loop quantum gravity along the line of previous work. The graphical method provides a very powerful technique for simplifying complicated calculations. The closed formula of the volume operator and the actions of the Euclidean Hamiltonian constraint operator and the so-called inverse volume operator on spin-network states with trivalent vertices are derived via the graphical method. By employing suitable and non-ambiguous graphs to represent the action of operators as well as the spin-network states, we use the simple rules of transforming graphs to obtain the resulting formula. Comparing with the complicated algebraic derivation in some literature, our procedure is more concise, intuitive and visual. The resulting matrix elements of the volume operator is compact and uniform, fitting for both gauge-invariant and gauge-variant spin-network states. Our results indicate some corrections to the existing results for the Hamiltonian operator and inverse volume operator in the literature."
"We demonstrate that the eight multipole parameters describing the spin state of the &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; boson are able to disentangle known &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; production mechanisms and signals from new physics at the LHC. They can be extracted from appropriate asymmetries in the angular distribution of lepton pairs from the &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; boson decay. The power of this analysis is illustrated by (1) the production of &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; boson plus jets; (2) &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; boson plus missing transverse energy; (3) &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; bosons originating from the two-body decay of a heavy resonance."
"The supergravity models of cosmological inflation with an inflaton belonging to a massive vector multiplet and spontaneous SUSY breaking after inflation are reformulated as the supersymmetric &lt;i&gt;U&lt;i/&gt;(1) gauge theories of a massless vector superfield interacting with the Higgs and Polonyi chiral superfields, all coupled to supergravity. The &lt;i&gt;U&lt;i/&gt;(1) gauge sector is identified with the &lt;i&gt;U&lt;i/&gt;(1) gauge fields of the super-GUT coupled to supergravity, whose gauge group has a &lt;i&gt;U&lt;i/&gt;(1) factor. A positive cosmological constant (dark energy) is included. The scalar potential is calculated, and its de Sitter vacuum solution is found to be stable."
"We reconsider the minimal SU(5) grand unified theory (GUT) in the context of no-scale supergravity inspired by string compactification scenarios, assuming that the soft supersymmetry-breaking parameters satisfy universality conditions at some input scale above the GUT scale . When setting up such a no-scale super-GUT model, special attention must be paid to avoiding the Scylla of rapid proton decay and the Charybdis of an excessive density of cold dark matter, while also having an acceptable mass for the Higgs boson. We do not find consistent solutions if none of the matter and Higgs fields are assigned to twisted chiral supermultiplets, even in the presence of Giudice–Masiero terms. However, consistent solutions may be found if at least one fiveplet of GUT Higgs fields is assigned to a twisted chiral supermultiplet, with a suitable choice of modular weights. Spin-independent dark matter scattering may be detectable in some of these consistent solutions."
"It is shown that in the &lt;i&gt;spin-charge-family&lt;i/&gt; theory (Mankoč Borštnik in arXiv:1607.01618v2, 2016, Phys Rev D 91:065004. arxiv:1409.7791, 2015, J Mod Phys 6:2244. doi:10.4236/jmp.2015.615230. arXiv: 1409.4981, 2015, J Mod Phys 4:823. doi:10.4236/jmp.2013.46113. arxiv:1312.1542, 2013, arxiv:1409.4981, 2014) as well as in all the Kaluza–Klein like theories (Blagojević in Gravitation and gauge symmetries, IoP Publishing, Bristol, 2002, An introduction to Kaluza–Klein theories, World Scientific, Singapore, 1983), vielbeins and spin connections manifest in space equivalent vector gauge fields, when space with has a large enough symmetry. The authors demonstrate this equivalence in spaces with the symmetry of the metric tensor in the space out of – for any scalar function &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt; of the coordinates , where denotes the coordinates of space out of Also the connection between vielbeins and scalar gauge fields in (offering the explanation for the Higgs scalar) is discussed."
"We use observations related to the variation of fundamental constants, in order to impose constraints on the viable and most used &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity models. In particular, for the fine-structure constant we use direct measurements obtained by different spectrographic methods, while for the effective Newton constant we use a model-dependent reconstruction, using direct observational Hubble parameter data, in order to investigate its temporal evolution. We consider two &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) models and we quantify their deviation from CDM cosmology through a sole parameter. Our analysis reveals that this parameter can be slightly different from its CDM value, however, the best-fit value is very close to the CDM one. Hence, &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity is consistent with observations, nevertheless, as every modified gravity, it may exhibit only small deviations from CDM cosmology, a feature that must be taken into account in any &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) model-building."
"Cosmological equations were recently derived by Padmanabhan from the expansion of cosmic space due to the difference between the degrees of freedom on the surface and in the bulk in a region of space. In this study, a modified Rényi entropy is applied to Padmanabhan’s ‘holographic equipartition law’, by regarding the Bekenstein–Hawking entropy as a nonextensive Tsallis entropy and using a logarithmic formula of the original Rényi entropy. Consequently, the acceleration equation including an extra driving term (such as a time-varying cosmological term) can be derived in a homogeneous, isotropic, and spatially flat universe. When a specific condition is mathematically satisfied, the extra driving term is found to be constant-like as if it is a cosmological constant. Interestingly, the order of the constant-like term is naturally consistent with the order of the cosmological constant measured by observations, because the specific condition constrains the value of the constant-like term."
"The rare baryonic decay provides valuable complementary information compared to the corresponding mesonic transition. In this paper, using the latest high-precision lattice QCD calculation of the transition form factors, we study this interesting decay within the aligned two-Higgs-doublet model, paying particularly attention to the effects of the chirality-flipped operators generated by the charged scalars. In order to extract the full set of angular coefficients in this decay, we consider the following ten angular observables, which can be derived from the analysis of the subsequent parity-violating decay: the differential branching fraction , the longitudinal polarization fraction , the lepton-, hadron- and combined lepton–hadron-side forward–backward asymmetries , and , as well as the other five asymmetry observables  (). Detailed numerical comparisons are made between the SM and NP values for these angular observables. It is found that, under the constraints from the inclusive branching fraction and the latest global fit results of data, the contributions of right-handed semileptonic operators , besides reconciling the anomaly observed in decay, could also enhance the values of and in the bin , leading to results consistent with the current LHCb measurements."
"We obtain analytical expressions, both in terms of parametric integrals and Passarino–Veltman scalar functions, for the one-loop contributions to the anomalous weak magnetic dipole moment (AWMDM) of a charged lepton in the framework of the simplest little Higgs model (SLHM). Our results are general and can be useful to compute the weak properties of a charged lepton in other extensions of the standard model (SM). As a by-product we obtain generic contributions to the anomalous magnetic dipole moment (AMDM), which agree with previous results. We then study numerically the potential contributions from this model to the lepton AMDM and AWMDM for values of the parameter space consistent with current experimental data. It is found that they depend mainly on the energy scale &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt; at which the global symmetry is broken and the parameter, whereas there is little sensitivity to a mild change in the values of other parameters of the model. While the AMDM is of the order of , the real (imaginary) part of its AWMDM is of the order of (). These values seem to be out of the reach of the expected experimental sensitivity of future experiments."
"Using the isomorphism we develop a new simple algebraic technique for complete classification of quantum deformations (the classical &lt;i&gt;r&lt;i/&gt;-matrices) for real forms and of the complex Lie algebra in terms of real forms of : , and . We prove that the Lorentz symmetry has three different Hopf-algebraic quantum deformations, which are expressed in the simplest way by two standard and &lt;i&gt;q&lt;i/&gt;-analogs and by simple Jordanian twist deformation. These quantizations are presented in terms of the quantum Cartan–Weyl generators for the quantized algebras and as well as in terms of quantum Cartesian generators for the quantized algebra . Finally, some applications of the deformed Lorentz symmetry are mentioned."
"It is well known that a canonical scalar field is able to describe either dark matter or dark energy but not both. We demonstrate that a non-canonical scalar field can describe &lt;i&gt;both&lt;i/&gt; dark matter and dark energy within a unified setting. We consider the simplest extension of the canonical Lagrangian where and &lt;i&gt;V&lt;i/&gt; is a sufficiently flat potential. In this case the kinetic term in the Lagrangian behaves just like a perfect fluid, whereas the potential term mimicks dark energy. For very large values, , the equation of state of the kinetic term drops to zero and the universe expands as if filled with a mixture of dark matter and dark energy. The velocity of sound in this model and the associated gravitational clustering are sensitive to the value of . For very large values of the clustering properties of our model resemble those of cold dark matter (CDM). But for smaller values of , gravitational clustering on small scales is suppressed, and our model has properties resembling those of warm dark matter (WDM). Therefore our non-canonical model has an interesting new property: its expansion history resembles CDM, while its clustering properties are akin to those of either cold or warm dark matter."
"A search is presented for massive long-lived particles decaying into a muon and two quarks. The dataset consists of proton-proton interactions at centre-of-mass energies of 7 and 8 TeV, corresponding to integrated luminosities of 1 and 2, respectively. The analysis is performed assuming a set of production mechanisms with simple topologies, including the production of a Higgs-like particle decaying into two long-lived particles. The mass range from 20 to 80  and lifetimes from 5 to 100 are explored. Results are also interpreted in terms of neutralino production in different R-Parity violating supersymmetric models, with masses in the 23–198 GeV/ range. No excess above the background expectation is observed and upper limits are set on the production cross-section for various points in the parameter space of theoretical models."
"In this paper we use the topological vertex formalism to calculate a generalization of the “domain wall” partition function of M-strings. This generalization allows calculation of partition function of certain compactified webs using a simple gluing algorithm similar to M-strings case."
"The ground and first excited states of the decuplet baryons are studied using the two-point QCD sum rule approach. The mass and residue of these states are computed and compared with the existing experimental data and other theoretical predictions. The results for the masses of the ground state particles as well as the excited and states are in good consistency with experimental data. Our results on the excited and states reveal that the experimentally poorly known and can be assigned to the first excited states in and channels, respectively."
"Double production in collisions involving color-octet channels are evaluated up to order . Having implemented the variation of the parameters (, and long-distance matrix elements), we found that the cross sections for producing double at B-factories range from to 0.245 fb, which are even much smaller than that via the color-singlet mechanism. Accordingly, this result is consistent with the measurement by the Belle and BABAR Collaborations."
"Measurements of jet activity in top-quark pair events produced in proton–proton collisions are presented, using 3.2 fb of &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collision data at a centre-of-mass energy of 13 TeV collected by the ATLAS experiment at the Large Hadron Collider. Events are chosen by requiring an opposite-charge pair and two &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-tagged jets in the final state. The normalised differential cross-sections of top-quark pair production are presented as functions of additional-jet multiplicity and transverse momentum, . The fraction of signal events that do not contain additional jet activity in a given rapidity region, the gap fraction, is measured as a function of the threshold for additional jets, and is also presented for different invariant mass regions of the system. All measurements are corrected for detector effects and presented as particle-level distributions compared to predictions with different theoretical approaches for QCD radiation. While the kinematics of the jets from top-quark decays are described well, the generators show differing levels of agreement with the measurements of observables that depend on the production of additional jets."
"We study the processes with the contributions from the two-particle twist-2 and twist-3 distribution amplitudes of pion and kaon mesons on BHL prescription in the standard hard-scattering approach. The results show that the contributions from twist-3 parts are actually not power suppressed compared with the leading-twist contributions in the low energy region. The cross sections with twist-3 corrections agree well with the experimental data in the two-photon center-of-mass energy  GeV and we also predict the cross section ratio , which is compatible with the experimental data from TPC and Belle."
"To obtain more precise parton distribution functions (PDFs) it is important to include data on inclusive high transverse energy jet production in the global parton analyses. These data have high statistics and the NNLO terms in the perturbative QCD (pQCD) description are now available. Our aim is to reduce the uncertainty in the comparison of the jet data with pQCD. To ensure the best convergence of the pQCD series it is important to choose the appropriate factorization scales, . We show that it is possible to absorb and resum in the incoming PDFs and fragmentation function (&lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt;) an essential part of the higher -order corrections by determining the ‘optimal’ values of . We emphasize that it is necessary to optimize different factorization scales for the various factors in the cross section: indeed, both of the PDFs, and also the fragmentation function, have their own optimal scale. We show how the values of these scales can be calculated for the LO (NLO) part of the pQCD prediction of the cross section based on the theoretically known NLO (NNLO) corrections. After these scales are fixed at their optimal values, the residual factorization scale dependence is much reduced."
"Unlike the Noether symmetry, a metric independent general conserved current exists for non-minimally coupled scalar–tensor theory of gravity if the trace of the energy-momentum tensor vanishes. Thus, in the context of cosmology, a symmetry exists both in the early vacuum and radiation dominated era. For slow roll, symmetry is sacrificed, but at the end of early inflation, such a symmetry leads to a Friedmann-like radiation era. Late-time cosmic acceleration in the matter dominated era is realized in the absence of symmetry, in view of the same decayed and redshifted scalar field. Thus, unification of early inflation with late-time cosmic acceleration with a single scalar field may be realized."
"Feasibility studies of the measurement of the exclusive diffractive bremsstrahlung cross-section in proton–proton scattering at the centre of mass energy of 13 TeV at the LHC are reported. Present studies were performed for the low luminosity LHC running with the betatron function value of 90 m using the ATLAS associated forward detectors ALFA and ZDC. A simplified approach to the event simulation and reconstruction is used. The background influence is also discussed."
"A precision measurement of jet cross sections in neutral current deep-inelastic scattering for photon virtualities and inelasticities is presented, using data taken with the H1 detector at HERA, corresponding to an integrated luminosity of . Double-differential inclusive jet, dijet and trijet cross sections are measured simultaneously and are presented as a function of jet transverse momentum observables and as a function of . Jet cross sections normalised to the inclusive neutral current DIS cross section in the respective -interval are also determined. Previous results of inclusive jet cross sections in the range are extended to low transverse jet momenta . The data are compared to predictions from perturbative QCD in next-to-leading order in the strong coupling, in approximate next-to-next-to-leading order and in full next-to-next-to-leading order. Using also the recently published H1 jet data at high values of , the strong coupling constant is determined in next-to-leading order."
"The determination of the fundamental parameters of the Standard Model (and its extensions) is often limited by the presence of statistical and theoretical uncertainties. We present several models for the latter uncertainties (random, nuisance, external) in the frequentist framework, and we derive the corresponding &lt;i&gt;p&lt;i/&gt; values. In the case of the nuisance approach where theoretical uncertainties are modeled as biases, we highlight the important, but arbitrary, issue of the range of variation chosen for the bias parameters. We introduce the concept of adaptive &lt;i&gt;p&lt;i/&gt; value, which is obtained by adjusting the range of variation for the bias according to the significance considered, and which allows us to tackle metrology and exclusion tests with a single and well-defined unified tool, which exhibits interesting frequentist properties. We discuss how the determination of fundamental parameters is impacted by the model chosen for theoretical uncertainties, illustrating several issues with examples from quark flavor physics."
"We present a calculation of the global polarization of hyperons in relativistic Au–Au collisions at RHIC Beam Energy Scan range  GeV with a -dimensional cascadeviscous hydro model, UrQMDvHLLE. Within this model, the mean polarization of in the out-of-plane direction is predicted to decrease rapidly with collision energy from a top value of about 2% at the lowest energy examined. We explore the connection between the polarization signal and thermal vorticity and estimate the feed-down contribution to polarization due to the decay of higher mass hyperons."
"Very forward (VF) detectors in hadron colliders, having unique sensitivity to diffractive processes, can be a powerful tool for studying diffractive dissociation by combining them with central detectors. Several Monte Carlo simulation samples in &lt;i&gt;p&lt;i/&gt;–&lt;i&gt;p&lt;i/&gt; collisions at TeV were analyzed, and different nondiffractive and diffractive contributions were clarified through differential cross sections of forward neutral particles. Diffraction selection criteria in the VF-triggered-event samples were determined by using the central track information. The corresponding selection applicable in real experiments has 100% purity and 30–70% efficiency. Consequently, the central information enables classification of the forward productions into diffraction and nondiffraction categories; in particular, most of the surviving events from the selection belong to low-mass diffraction events at . Therefore, the combined method can uniquely access the low-mass diffraction regime experimentally."
"In this paper, we present the Noether symmetries of flat FRW spacetime in the context of a new action in teleparallel gravity which we construct based on the &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) version. This modified action contains a coupling between the scalar field potential and magnetism. Also, we introduce an innovative approach, the beyond Noether symmetry (B.N.S.) approach, for exact solutions which carry more conserved currents than the Noether approach. By data analysis of the exact solutions, obtained from the Noether approach, late-time acceleration and phase crossing are realized, and some deep connections with observational data such as the age of the universe, the present value of the scale factor as well as the state and deceleration parameters are observed. In the B.N.S. approach, we consider the dark energy dominated era."
"The non-monotonic beam energy dependence of the higher cumulants of net-proton fluctuations is a widely studied signature of the conjectured presence of a critical point in the QCD phase diagram. In this work we study the effect of resonance decays on critical fluctuations. We show that resonance effects reduce the signatures of critical fluctuations, but that for reasonable parameter choices critical effects in the net-proton cumulants survive. The relative role of resonance decays has a weak dependence on the order of the cumulants studied with a slightly stronger suppression of critical effects for higher-order cumulants."
"Using a novel analysis technique, the gluon polarisation in the nucleon is re-evaluated using the longitudinal double-spin asymmetry measured in the cross section of semi-inclusive single-hadron muoproduction with photon virtuality . The data were obtained by the COMPASS experiment at CERN using a 160 GeV/&lt;i&gt;c&lt;i/&gt; polarised muon beam impinging on a polarised LiD target. By analysing the full range in hadron transverse momentum , the different -dependences of the underlying processes are separated using a neural-network approach. In the absence of pQCD calculations at next-to-leading order in the selected kinematic domain, the gluon polarisation is evaluated at leading order in pQCD at a hard scale of . It is determined in three intervals of the nucleon momentum fraction carried by gluons, , covering the range   and does not exhibit a significant dependence on . The average over the three intervals, at , suggests that the gluon polarisation is positive in the measured range."
"We present firstly the equation of motion for a test scalar particle coupling to the Einstein tensor in the Schwarzschild–Melvin black hole spacetime through the short-wave approximation. Through analyzing Poincaré sections, the power spectrum, the fast Lyapunov exponent indicator and the bifurcation diagram, we investigate the effects of the coupling parameter on the chaotic behavior of the particles. With the increase of the coupling strength, we find that the motion of the coupled particle for the chosen parameters becomes more regular and order for the negative couple constant. While, for the positive one, the motion of the coupled particles first undergoes a series of transitions betweens chaotic motion and regular motion and then falls into horizon or escapes to spatial infinity. Our results show that the coupling brings about richer effects for the motion of the particles."
"Baryon number fluctuations are sensitive to the QCD phase transition and the QCD critical point. According to the Feynman rules of finite-temperature field theory, we calculated various order moments and cumulants of the baryon number distributions in the quasi-particle model of the quark–gluon plasma. Furthermore, we compared our results with the experimental data measured by the STAR experiment at RHIC. It is found that the experimental data can be well described by the model for the colliding energies above 30 GeV and show large discrepancies at low energies. This puts a new constraint on the qQGP model and also provides a baseline for the QCD critical point search in heavy-ion collisions at low energies."
"We investigate charged particles’ circular motion in the gravitational field of a charged mass distribution described by the Reissner–Nordström spacetime. We introduce a set of independent parameters completely characterizing the different spatial regions in which circular motion is allowed. We provide a most complete classification of circular orbits for different sets of particle and source charge-to-mass ratios. We study both black holes and naked singularities and show that the behavior of charged particles depend drastically on the type of source. Our analysis shows in an alternative manner that the behavior of circular orbits can in principle be used to distinguish between black holes and naked singularities. From this analysis, special limiting values for the dimensionless charge of black hole and naked singularity emerge, namely, Q/M 1/2, and for the black hole case and Q/M 1, , , and finally for the naked singularity case. Similarly and surprisingly, analogous limits emerge for the orbiting particles charge-to-mass ratio , for positive charges , and . These limits play an important role in the study of the coupled electromagnetic and gravitational interactions, and the investigation of the role of the charge in the gravitational collapse of compact objects."
"We define and calculate helicity partial-wave amplitudes for processes linking the Electroweak Symmetry Breaking Sector (EWSBS) to , employing (to NLO) the Higgs-EFT (HEFT) extension of the Standard Model and the Equivalence Theorem, while neglecting all particle masses. The resulting amplitudes can be useful in the energy regime (). We also deal with their unitarization so that resonances of the EWSBS can simultaneously be described in the initial or final states. Our resulting amplitudes satisfy unitarity, perturbatively in , but for all &lt;i&gt;s&lt;i/&gt; values. In this way we improve on the HEFT that fails as interactions become stronger with growing &lt;i&gt;s&lt;i/&gt; and we provide a natural framework for the decay of dynamically generated resonances into &lt;i&gt;WW&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;ZZ&lt;i/&gt; and pairs."
"In this work, we interpret the 3-3-1-1 model when the and 3-3-1 breaking scales behave simultaneously as the inflation scale. This setup not only realizes the previously achieved consequences of inflation and leptogenesis, but also provides new insights in superheavy dark matter and neutrino masses. We argue that the 3-3-1-1 model can incorporate a scalar sextet, which induces both small masses for the neutrinos via a combined type I and II seesaw and large masses for the new neutral fermions. Additionally, all the new particles have large masses in the inflation scale. The lightest particle among the &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt;-particles that have abnormal (i.e., wrong) number in comparison to those of the standard model particles may be superheavy dark matter as it is stabilized by &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt;-parity. The dark matter candidate may be a Majorana fermion, a neutral scalar, or a neutral gauge boson, which was properly created in the early universe due to gravitational effects on the vacuum or thermal production after cosmic inflation."
"This work deals with fermions in the background of distinct localized structures in the two-dimensional spacetime. Although the structures have a similar topological character, which is responsible for the appearance of fractionally charged excitations, we want to investigate how the geometric deformations that appear in the localized structures contribute to the change in the physical properties of the fermionic bound states. We investigate the two-kink and compact kinklike backgrounds, and we consider two distinct boson–fermion interactions, one motivated by supersymmetry and the other described by the standard Yukawa coupling."
"We consider accretion onto a Kiselev black hole. We obtain the fundamental equations for accretion without the back-reaction. We determine the general analytic expressions for the critical points and the mass accretion rate and find the physical conditions the critical points should fulfill. The case of a polytropic gas are discussed in detail. It turns out that the quintessence parameter plays an important role in the accretion process."
"The correspondence between sound waves, in a de Laval propelling nozzle, and quasinormal modes emitted by brane-world black holes deformed by a 5D bulk Weyl fluid are here explored and scrutinized. The analysis of sound waves patterns in a de Laval nozzle in the laboratory, reciprocally, is here shown to provide relevant data about the 5D bulk Weyl fluid and its on-brane projection, comprised by the minimal geometrically deformed compact stellar distribution on the brane. Acoustic perturbations of the gas fluid flow in the de Laval nozzle are proved to coincide with the quasinormal modes of black holes solutions deformed by the 5D Weyl fluid, in the geometric deformation procedure. Hence, in a phenomenological Eötvös–Friedmann fluid brane-world model, the realistic shape of a de Laval nozzle is derived and its consequences studied."
"A measurement of the top quark mass is reported in events containing a single top quark produced via the electroweak &lt;i&gt;t&lt;i/&gt; channel. The analysis is performed using data from proton-proton collisions collected with the CMS detector at the LHC at a centre-of-mass energy of 8 TeV, corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 19.7 fb. Top quark candidates are reconstructed from their decay to a boson and a b quark, with the boson decaying leptonically to a muon and a neutrino. The final state signature and kinematic properties of single top quark events in the &lt;i&gt;t&lt;i/&gt; channel are used to enhance the purity of the sample, suppressing the contribution from top quark pair production. A fit to the invariant mass distribution of reconstructed top quark candidates yields a value of the top quark mass of . This result is in agreement with the current world average, and represents the first measurement of the top quark mass in event topologies not dominated by top quark pair production, therefore contributing to future averages with partially uncorrelated systematic uncertainties and a largely uncorrelated statistical uncertainty."
"Using the framework that interpolates between the leading power limit of the color glass condensate and the high energy (or ) factorization we calculate the direct component of the forward dijet production in ultra-peripheral – collisions at CM energy per nucleon pair. The formalism is applicable when the average transverse momentum of the dijet system is much bigger than the saturation scale , , while the imbalance of the dijet system can be arbitrary. The cross section is uniquely sensitive to the Weizsäcker–Williams (WW) unintegrated gluon distribution, which is far less known from experimental data than the most common dipole gluon distribution appearing in inclusive small-&lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt; processes. We have calculated cross sections and nuclear modification ratios using WW gluon distribution obtained from the dipole gluon density through the Gaussian approximation. The dipole gluon distribution used to get WW was fitted to the inclusive HERA data with the nonlinear extension of unified BFKL + DGLAP evolution equation. The saturation effects are visible but rather weak for realistic cut on the dijet system, reaching about 20% with the cut as low as . We find that the LO collinear factorization with nuclear leading-twist shadowing predicts quite similar effects."
"We use a dynamical analysis to study the evolution of the universe at late time for the model in which the interaction between dark energy and dark matter is inspired by a disformal transformation. We extend the analysis in the existing literature by assuming that the disformal coefficient depends both on the scalar field and its kinetic terms. We find that the dependence of the disformal coefficient on the kinetic term of scalar field leads to two classes of the scaling fixed points that can describe the acceleration of the universe at late time. The first class exists only for the case where the disformal coefficient depends on the kinetic terms. The fixed points in this class are saddle points unless the slope of the conformal coefficient is sufficiently large. The second class can be viewed as the generalization of the fixed points studied in the literature. According to the stability analysis of these fixed points, we find that the stable fixed point can take two different physically relevant values for the same value of the parameters of the model. These different values of the fixed points can be reached for different initial conditions for the equation of state parameter of dark energy. We also discuss the situations in which this feature disappears."
"The quasi-bound states of charged massive scalar fields in the near-extremal charged Reissner–Nordström black-hole spacetime are studied &lt;i&gt;analytically&lt;i/&gt;. These discrete resonant modes of the composed black-hole-field system are characterized by the physically motivated boundary condition of ingoing waves at the black-hole horizon and exponentially decaying (bounded) radial eigenfunctions at spatial infinity. Solving the Klein–Gordon wave equation for the linearized scalar fields in the black-hole spacetime, we derive a remarkably compact analytical formula for the complex frequency spectrum which characterizes the quasi-bound state resonances of the composed Reissner–Nordström-black-hole-charged-massive-scalar-field system."
"In one of our previous articles we have considered the role of a time dependent magnetic ellipticity on the pulsars’ braking indices and on the putative gravitational waves these objects can emit. Since only nine of more than 2000 known pulsars have accurately measured braking indices, it is of interest to extend this study to all known pulsars, in particular as regards gravitational wave generation. To do so, as shown in our previous article, we need to know some pulsars’ observable quantities such as: periods and their time derivatives, and estimated distances to the Earth. Moreover, we also need to know the pulsars’ masses and radii, for which we are adopting current fiducial values. Our results show that the gravitational wave amplitude is at best . This leads to a pessimistic prospect for the detection of gravitational waves generated by these pulsars, even for Advanced LIGO and Advanced Virgo, and the planned Einstein Telescope, if the ellipticity has a magnetic origin."
"We analyze the effects of thermal fluctuations on a regular black hole (RBH) of the non-minimal Einstein–Yang–Mill theory with gauge field of magnetic Wu–Yang type and a cosmological constant. We consider the logarithmic corrected entropy in order to analyze the thermal fluctuations corresponding to non-minimal RBH thermodynamics. In this scenario, we develop various important thermodynamical quantities, such as entropy, pressure, specific heats, Gibb’s free energy and Helmholtz free energy. We investigate the first law of thermodynamics in the presence of logarithmic corrected entropy and non-minimal RBH. We also discuss the stability of this RBH using various frameworks such as the factor (the ratio of heat capacities), phase transition, grand canonical ensemble and canonical ensemble. It is observed that the non-minimal RBH becomes globally and locally more stable if we increase the value of the cosmological constant."
"Baryon and lepton numbers being accidental global symmetries of the Standard Model (SM), it is natural to promote them to local symmetries. However, to preserve anomaly-freedom, only combinations of B–L are viable. In this spirit, we investigate possible dark matter realizations in the context of the model: (i) Dirac fermion with unbroken B–L; (ii) Dirac fermion with broken B–L; (iii) scalar dark matter; (iv) two-component dark matter. We compute the relic abundance, direct and indirect detection observables and confront them with recent results from Planck, LUX-2016, and Fermi-LAT and prospects from XENON1T. In addition to the well-known LEP bound  TeV, we include often ignored LHC bounds using 13 TeV dilepton (dimuon + dielectron) data at next-to-leading order plus next-to-leading logarithmic accuracy. We show that, for gauge couplings smaller than 0.4, the LHC gives rise to the strongest collider limit. In particular, we find  TeV for . We conclude that the NLO+NLL corrections improve the dilepton bounds on the mass and that both dark matter candidates are only viable in the resonance region, with the parameter space for scalar dark matter being fully probed by XENON1T. Lastly, we show that one can successfully have a minimal two-component dark matter model."
"In this work we present an exact solution of the Einstein–Maxwell field equations describing compact charged objects within the framework of classical general relativity. Our model is constructed by embedding a four-dimensional spherically symmetric static metric into a five-dimensional flat metric. The source term for the matter field is composed of a perfect fluid distribution with charge. We show that our model obeys all the physical requirements and stability conditions necessary for a realistic stellar model. Our theoretical model approximates observations of neutron stars and pulsars to a very good degree of accuracy."
"The neutrino and Higgs sectors in the model with lepton-flavor non-universality are discussed. We show that active neutrinos can get Majorana masses from radiative corrections, after adding only new singly charged Higgs bosons. The mechanism for the generation of neutrino masses is the same as in the Zee models. This also gives a hint to solving the dark matter problem based on similar ways discussed recently in many radiative neutrino mass models with dark matter. Except the active neutrinos, the appearance of singly charged Higgs bosons and dark matter does not affect significantly the physical spectrum of all particles in the original model. We indicate this point by investigating the Higgs sector in both cases before and after singly charged scalars are added into it. Many interesting properties of physical Higgs bosons, which were not shown previously, are explored. In particular, the mass matrices of charged and CP-odd Higgs fields are proportional to the coefficient of triple Higgs coupling . The mass eigenstates and eigenvalues in the CP-even Higgs sector are also presented. All couplings of the SM-like Higgs boson to normal fermions and gauge bosons are different from the SM predictions by a factor , which must satisfy the recent global fit of experimental data, namely . We have analyzed a more general diagonalization of gauge boson mass matrices, then we show that the ratio of the tangents of the &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt;– and &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt;– mixing angles is exactly the cosine of the Weinberg angle, implying that number of parameters is reduced by 1. Signals of new physics from decays of new heavy fermions and Higgs bosons at LHC and constraints of their masses are also discussed."
"In the classical theory of synchrotron radiation, for the exact quantitative characterization of spectral properties, the concept of effective spectral width is introduced. In the first part of our work, published in EJPC 75 (2015), the effective spectral width as a function of the energy E of the radiating particle was obtained only in the ultra-relativistic approximation. In this article, which can be considered as a natural continuation of this work, a complete investigation is presented of the dependence of the effective width of the synchrotron radiation spectrum on energy for any values of E and for all the polarization components of the radiation. Numerical calculations were carried out for an effective width not exceeding 100 harmonics."
"We study the effect of the scalar leptoquark and boson on the rare decays of the &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt; mesons involving flavour changing transitions . We constrain the new physics parameter space using the branching ratio of the rare decay mode and the oscillation data. We compute the branching ratios, forward–backward asymmetry parameters and flat terms in processes using the constrained parameters. The branching ratios of the lepton flavour violating &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt; meson decays, such as and are also investigated."
"We revisit the parameter space of singlet fermionic cold dark matter model in order to determine the role of the mixing angle between the standard model Higgs and a new singlet one. Furthermore, we restudy the direct detection constraints with the updated and new experimental data. As an important conclusion, this model is completely excluded by recent XENON100, PandaX II and LUX data."
"We test the holographic relation between the vacuum expectation values of gauge invariant operators in U mass-deformed ABJM theory and the LLM geometries with orbifold in 11-dimensional supergravity. To do so, we apply the Kaluza–Klein reduction to construct a 4-dimensional gravity theory and implement the holographic renormalization procedure. We obtain an exact holographic relation for the vacuum expectation values of the chiral primary operator with conformal dimension , which is given by , for large &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt; and . Here the factor is independent of &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt;. Our results involve an infinite number of exact dual relations for all possible supersymmetric Higgs vacua and so provide a non-trivial test of gauge/gravity duality away from the conformal fixed point. We extend our results to the case of for LLM geometries represented by rectangular-shaped Young diagrams. We also discuss the exact mapping of the gauge/gravity at finite &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt; for classical supersymmetric vacuum solutions in field theory side and corresponding classical solutions in gravity side."
"A general theoretical description of a magnetic resonance is presented. This description is necessary for a detailed analysis of spin dynamics in electric-dipole-moment experiments in storage rings. General formulas describing a behavior of all components of the polarization vector at the magnetic resonance are obtained for an arbitrary initial polarization. These formulas are exact on condition that the nonresonance rotating field is neglected. The spin dynamics is also calculated at frequencies far from resonance with allowance for both rotating fields. A general quantum-mechanical analysis of the spin evolution at the magnetic resonance is fulfilled and the full agreement between the classical and quantum-mechanical approaches is shown. Quasimagnetic resonances for particles and nuclei moving in noncontinuous perturbing fields of accelerators and storage rings are considered. Distinguishing features of quasimagnetic resonances in storage ring electric-dipole-moment experiments are investigated in detail. The exact formulas for the effect caused by the electric dipole moment are derived. The difference between the resonance effects conditioned by the rf electric-field flipper and the rf Wien filter is found and is calculated for the first time. The existence of this difference is crucial for the establishment of a consent between analytical derivations and computer simulations and for checking spin tracking programs. The main systematical errors are considered."
"Measurements of meson production in diffractive deep inelastic scattering are presented which are based on HERA data recorded at a centre-of-mass energy with an integrated luminosity of 287 pb. The reaction is studied, where the system &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;, containing at least one meson, is separated from a leading low-mass proton dissociative system &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt; by a large rapidity gap. The kinematics of candidates are reconstructed in the decay channel. The measured cross sections compare favourably with next-to-leading order QCD predictions, where charm quarks are produced via boson-gluon fusion. The charm quarks are then independently fragmented to the mesons. The calculations rely on the collinear factorisation theorem and are based on diffractive parton densities previously obtained by H1 from fits to inclusive diffractive cross sections. The data are further used to determine the diffractive to inclusive production ratio in deep inelastic scattering."
"The invariant differential cross sections for inclusive and mesons at midrapidity were measured in pp collisions at  TeV for transverse momenta  GeV/&lt;i&gt;c&lt;i/&gt; and  GeV/&lt;i&gt;c&lt;i/&gt;, respectively, using the ALICE detector. This large range in was achieved by combining various analysis techniques and different triggers involving the electromagnetic calorimeter (EMCal). In particular, a new single-cluster, shower-shape based method was developed for the identification of high- neutral pions, which exploits that the showers originating from their decay photons overlap in the EMCal. Above 4 GeV/, the measured cross sections are found to exhibit a similar power-law behavior with an exponent of about 6.3. Next-to-leading-order perturbative QCD calculations differ from the measured cross sections by about 30% for the , and between 30–50% for the meson, while generator-level simulations with PYTHIA 8.2 describe the data to better than 10–30%, except at  GeV/. The new data can therefore be used to further improve the theoretical description of and meson production."
"For a long time, the minimal supersymmetric standard model (MSSM) with light masses for the supersymmetric states was considered as the most natural extension of the Standard Model of particle physics. Consequently, a valid approximation was to match the MSSM to the precision measurement directly at the electroweak scale. This approach was also utilized by all dedicated spectrum generators for the MSSM. However, the higher the supersymmetric (SUSY) scale is, the bigger the uncertainties which are introduced by this matching. We point out important consequences of a two-scale matching, where the running parameters within the SM are calculated at and evaluated up to the SUSY scale, where they are matched to the full model. We show the impact on gauge coupling unification as well as the SUSY mass spectrum. Also the Higgs mass prediction for large supersymmetric masses has been improved by performing the calculation within an effective SM. The approach presented here is now also available in the spectrum generator SPheno. Moreover, also SARAH was extended accordingly and gives the possibility to study these effects now in many different supersymmetric models."
"Extending the renormalizability proposal of the physical sector of 4D Einstein gravity, we have recently proposed renormalizability of the 3D physical sector of gravity-matter systems. The main goal of the present work is to conduct systematic one-loop renormalization of a gravity-matter system by applying our foliation-based quantization scheme. In this work we explicitly carry out renormalization of a gravity-scalar system with a Higgs-type potential. With the fluctuation part of the scalar field gauged away, the system becomes renormalizable through a metric field redefinition. We use dimensional regularization throughout. One of the salient aspects of our analysis is how the graviton propagator acquires the “mass” term. One-loop calculations lead to renormalization of the cosmological and Newton constants. We discuss other implications of our results as well: time-varying vacuum energy density and masses of the elementary particles as well as the potential relevance of Neumann boundary condition for black hole information."
"Recently, the BESIII Collaboration reported two new decay processes: and . Inspired by this measurement, we propose to study the radiative decays of via intermediate charmed meson loops in an effective Lagrangian approach. With the acceptable cutoff parameter range, the calculated branching ratios of and are of the orders of to and to , respectively. The ratio can reproduce the experimental measurements with the commonly acceptable range. This ratio provide us with some information on the – mixing, which may be helpful for us to test the SU(3)-flavor symmetries in QCD."
"We study static and radially symmetric black holes in the multi-fractional theories of gravity with &lt;i&gt;q&lt;i/&gt;-derivatives and with weighted derivatives, frameworks where the spacetime dimension varies with the probed scale and geometry is characterized by at least one fundamental length . In the &lt;i&gt;q&lt;i/&gt;-derivatives scenario, one finds a tiny shift of the event horizon. Schwarzschild black holes can present an additional ring singularity, not present in general relativity, whose radius is proportional to . In the multi-fractional theory with weighted derivatives, there is no such deformation, but non-trivial geometric features generate a cosmological-constant term, leading to a de Sitter–Schwarzschild black hole. For both scenarios, we compute the Hawking temperature and comment on the resulting black-hole thermodynamics. In the case with &lt;i&gt;q&lt;i/&gt;-derivatives, black holes can be hotter than usual and possess an additional ring singularity, while in the case with weighted derivatives they have a de Sitter hair of purely geometric origin, which may lead to a solution of the cosmological constant problem similar to that in unimodular gravity. Finally, we compare our findings with other Lorentz-violating models."
"We present several advances in the effective field theory calculation of the Higgs mass in MSSM scenarios with heavy superparticles. In particular, we compute the dominant two-loop threshold corrections to the quartic Higgs coupling for generic values of the relevant SUSY-breaking parameters, including all contributions controlled by the strong gauge coupling and by the third-family Yukawa couplings. We also study the effects of a representative subset of dimension-six operators in the effective theory valid below the SUSY scale. Our results will allow for an improved determination of the Higgs mass and of the associated theoretical uncertainty."
"Within the factorization-assisted topological-amplitude approach, we studied the 33 charmless decays, where &lt;i&gt;V&lt;i/&gt; stands for a light vector meson. According to the flavor flows, the amplitude of each process can be decomposed into eight different topologies. In contrast to the conventional flavor diagrammatic approach, we further factorize each topological amplitude into decay constant, form factors and unknown universal parameters. By fitting 46 experimental observables, we extracted 10 theoretical parameters with per degree of freedom around 2. Using the fitted parameters, we calculated the branching fractions, polarization fractions, CP asymmetries and relative phases between polarization amplitudes of each decay mode. The decay channels dominated by tree diagram have large branching fractions and large longitudinal polarization fraction. The branching fractions and longitudinal polarization fractions of color-suppressed decays become smaller. Current experimental data of large transverse polarization fractions in the penguin dominant decay channels can be explained by only one transverse amplitude of penguin annihilation diagram. Our predictions of the not yet measured channels can be tested in the ongoing LHCb experiment and the Belle-II experiment in the future."
"This paper presents the method and performance of primary vertex reconstruction in proton–proton collision data recorded by the ATLAS experiment during Run 1 of the LHC. The studies presented focus on data taken during 2012 at a centre-of-mass energy of  TeV. The performance has been measured as a function of the number of interactions per bunch crossing over a wide range, from one to seventy. The measurement of the position and size of the luminous region and its use as a constraint to improve the primary vertex resolution are discussed. A longitudinal vertex position resolution of about is achieved for events with high multiplicity of reconstructed tracks. The transverse position resolution is better than and is dominated by the precision on the size of the luminous region. An analytical model is proposed to describe the primary vertex reconstruction efficiency as a function of the number of interactions per bunch crossing and of the longitudinal size of the luminous region. Agreement between the data and the predictions of this model is better than 3% up to seventy interactions per bunch crossing."
"We investigate the impact of charge-breaking minima on the vacuum stability of the NMSSM. We concentrate on the case of vanishing &lt;i&gt;A&lt;i/&gt;-terms in the sfermion sector, i.e. the only potentially dangerous sources of charge breaking are vacuum expectation values of the charged Higgs fields. We find that, in contrast to Two-Higgs-Doublet Models like the MSSM, at both tree and loop level there exist global charge-breaking minima. Consequently, many regions of parameter space are rendered metastable, which otherwise would have been considered stable if these charge-breaking minima were neglected. However, the inclusion of these new scalar field directions has little impact on otherwise metastable vacuum configurations."
"A non-perturbative quantum field theory of General Relativity is presented which leads to a new realization of the theory of covariant quantum gravity (CQG-theory). The treatment is founded on the recently identified Hamiltonian structure associated with the classical space-time, i.e., the corresponding manifestly covariant Hamilton equations and the related Hamilton–Jacobi theory. The quantum Hamiltonian operator and the CQG-wave equation for the corresponding CQG-state and wave function are realized in 4-scalar form. The new quantum wave equation is shown to be equivalent to a set of quantum hydrodynamic equations which warrant the consistency with the classical GR Hamilton–Jacobi equation in the semiclassical limit. A perturbative approximation scheme is developed, which permits the adoption of the harmonic oscillator approximation for the treatment of the Hamiltonian potential. As an application of the theory, the stationary vacuum CQG-wave equation is studied, yielding a stationary equation for the CQG-state in terms of the 4-scalar invariant-energy eigenvalue associated with the corresponding approximate quantum Hamiltonian operator. The conditions for the existence of a discrete invariant-energy spectrum are pointed out. This yields a possible estimate for the graviton mass together with a new interpretation about the quantum origin of the cosmological constant."
"A challenging issue in General Relativity concerns the determination of the manifestly covariant continuum Hamiltonian structure underlying the Einstein field equations and the related formulation of the corresponding covariant Hamilton–Jacobi theory. The task is achieved by adopting a synchronous variational principle requiring distinction between the prescribed deterministic metric tensor solution of the Einstein field equations which determines the geometry of the background space-time and suitable variational fields obeying an appropriate set of continuum Hamilton equations, referred to here as GR-Hamilton equations. It is shown that a prerequisite for reaching such a goal is that of casting the same equations in evolutionary form by means of a Lagrangian parametrization for a suitably reduced canonical state. As a result, the corresponding Hamilton–Jacobi theory is established in manifestly covariant form. Physical implications of the theory are discussed. These include the investigation of the structural stability of the GR-Hamilton equations with respect to vacuum solutions of the Einstein equations, assuming that wave-like perturbations are governed by the canonical evolution equations."
"We obtain a new anisotropic solution for spherically symmetric spacetimes by analyzing the Karmarkar embedding condition. For this purpose we construct a suitable form of one of the gravitational potentials to obtain a closed form solution. This form of the remaining gravitational potential allows us to solve the embedding equation and integrate the field equations. The resulting new anisotropic solution is well behaved, which can be utilized to construct realistic static fluid spheres. Also we estimated the masses and radii of fluid spheres for LMC X-4, EXO 1785-248, PSR J1903+327 and 4U 1820-30 by using observational data set values. The masses and radii obtained show that our anisotropic solution can represent fluid spheres to a very good degree of accuracy. The physical validity of the solution depends on the parameter values of &lt;i&gt;a&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;c&lt;i/&gt;. The solution is well behaved for the wide range of parameters values , and . The range of corresponding physical parameters for the different compact stars are , , and ."
"Searches are presented for direct production of top or bottom squark pairs in proton–proton collisions at the CERN LHC. Two searches, based on complementary techniques, are performed in all-jet final states that are characterized by a significant imbalance in transverse momentum. An additional search requires the presence of a charged lepton isolated from other activity in the event. The data were collected in 2015 at a centre-of-mass energy of 13 with the CMS detector and correspond to an integrated luminosity of 2.3. No statistically significant excess of events is found beyond the expected contribution from standard model processes. Exclusion limits are set in the context of simplified models of top or bottom squark pair production. Models with top and bottom squark masses up to 830 and 890, respectively, are probed for light neutralinos. For models with top squark masses of 675, neutralino masses up to 260 are excluded at 95% confidence level."
"We consider simplified dark matter models where a dark matter candidate couples to the standard model (SM) particles via an &lt;i&gt;s&lt;i/&gt;-channel spin-2 mediator, and study constraints on the model parameter space from the current LHC data. Our focus lies on the complementarity among different searches, in particular monojet and multijet plus missing-energy searches and resonance searches. For universal couplings of the mediator to SM particles, missing-energy searches can give stronger constraints than &lt;i&gt;WW&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;ZZ&lt;i/&gt;, dijet, dihiggs, , resonance searches in the low-mass region and/or when the coupling of the mediator to dark matter is much larger than its couplings to SM particles. The strongest constraints, however, come from diphoton and dilepton resonance searches. Only if these modes are suppressed, missing-energy searches can be competitive in constraining dark matter models with a spin-2 mediator."
"In this article, we assign , , , and to the P-wave baryon states with , , , and , respectively, and study them with the QCD sum rules by introducing an explicit relative P-wave between the two &lt;i&gt;s&lt;i/&gt; quarks. The predictions support assigning , , and to the P-wave baryon states with , , and , respectively, where the two &lt;i&gt;s&lt;i/&gt; quarks are in relative P-wave, while can be assigned to the P-wave baryon state with , where the two &lt;i&gt;s&lt;i/&gt; quarks are in relative S-wave."
"The reaction is studied in QCD at the next-to-leading order. Previous studies on inclusive distributions showed good agreement with ZEUS data. To obtain a finer understanding of the dynamics of the reaction, several correlation functions are evaluated for ZEUS kinematics."
"We calculate the amplitude by including the bound-state effects near their mass threshold. In terms of the non-relativistic expansion of the amplitude, the LO contribution is an energy-independent term in the one-loop amplitude. We include the NLO contribution described by the non-relativistic Green function and part of the NNLO contribution. Despite a missing NLO piece which can be accomplished with the two-loop-level amplitude via massive quarks, the shape of the diphoton mass spectrum is predicted with a good accuracy. Thanks to the simple and clean nature of the observable, its experimental measurement can be a direct method to determine the short-distance mass of the top quark at hadron colliders."
"The horizon quantum mechanics is an approach that was previously introduced in order to analyze the gravitational radius of spherically symmetric systems and compute the probability that a given quantum state is a black hole. In this work, we first extend the formalism to general space-times with asymptotic (ADM) mass and angular momentum. We then apply the extended horizon quantum mechanics to a harmonic model of rotating corpuscular black holes. We find that simple configurations of this model naturally suppress the appearance of the inner horizon and seem to disfavor extremal (macroscopic) geometries."
"The charged axial-vector tetraquarks and with the open charm-bottom contents are studied in the diquark–antidiquark model. The masses and meson–current couplings of these states are calculated by employing a QCD two-point sum rule approach, where the quark, gluon and mixed condensates up to eight dimensions are taken into account. These parameters of the tetraquark states and are used to analyze the vertices and to determine the strong and couplings. For these purposes, the QCD light-cone sum rule method and its soft-meson approximation are utilized. The couplings and , extracted from this analysis, are applied for evaluating the strong and decays’ widths, which are essential results of the present investigation. Our predictions for the masses of the and states are confronted with similar results available in the literature."
"We reconsider the fundamental commutation relations for non-commutative described in polar coordinates with non-commutativity parameter . Previous analysis found that the natural transition from Cartesian coordinates to the traditional polar system led to a representation of as an everywhere diverging series. In this article we compute the Borel resummation of this series, showing that it can subsequently be extended throughout parameter space and hence provide an interpretation of this commutator. Our analysis provides a complete solution for arbitrary &lt;i&gt;r&lt;i/&gt; and that reproduces the earlier calculations at lowest order and benefits from being generally applicable to problems in a two-dimensional non-commutative space. We compare our results to previous literature in the (pseudo-)commuting limit, finding a surprising spatial dependence for the coordinate commutator when . Finally, we raise some questions for future study in light of this progress."
"In the context of noncommutative space-time we investigate the nucleon structure functions which play an important role in identifying the internal structure of nucleons. We use the corrected vertices and employ new vertices that appear in two approaches of noncommutativity and calculate the proton structure functions in terms of the noncommutative tensor . To check our results we plot the nucleon structure function (NSF), , and compare it with experimental data and the results from the GRV, GJR and CT10 parametrization models. We show that with the new vertex that arises the noncommutativity correction will lead to a better consistency between theoretical results and experimental data for the NSF. This consistency will be better for small values of the Bjorken variable &lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt;. To indicate and confirm the validity of our calculations we also act conversely. We obtain a lower bound for the numerical values of scale which correspond to recent reports."
"Gauss–Bonnet-dilatonic coupling in four dimensions plays an important role to explain late-time cosmic evolution. However, this term is an outcome of the low energy string effective action and thus ought to be important in the early universe too. Unfortunately, a phase-space formulation of such a theory does not exist in the literature due to branching. We therefore consider a modified theory of gravity, which contains a nonminimally coupled scalar–tensor sector in addition to a higher-order scalar curvature invariant term with Gauss–Bonnet-dilatonic coupling. Such an action unifies early inflation with late-time cosmic acceleration. The quantum version of the theory is also well behaved."
"During 2015 the ATLAS experiment recorded of proton–proton collision data at a centre-of-mass energy of . The ATLAS trigger system is a crucial component of the experiment, responsible for selecting events of interest at a recording rate of approximately 1 kHz from up to 40 MHz of collisions. This paper presents a short overview of the changes to the trigger and data acquisition systems during the first long shutdown of the LHC and shows the performance of the trigger system and its components based on the 2015 proton–proton collision data."
"A common explanation for the CMB power asymmetry is to introduce a dipolar modulation at the stage of inflation, where the primordial power spectrum is spatially varying. If the universe in the stage of inflation is Finslerian, and if the Finsler spacetime is non-reversible under parity flip, , then a three dimensional spectrum which is a function of wave vector and direction is valid. In this paper, a three dimensional primordial power spectrum with preferred direction is derived in the framework of Finsler spacetime. It is found that the amplitude of dipolar modulation is related to the Finslerian parameter, which in turn is a function of wave vector. The angular correlation coefficients are presented, and the numerical results for the anisotropic correlation coefficients over the multipole range are given."
"The strongest constraints on the Yukawa-type corrections to Newton’s gravitational law and on the coupling constants of axion-like particles to nucleons, following from recently performed experiments of Casimir physics, are presented. Specifically, the constraints obtained from measurements of the lateral and normal Casimir forces between sinusoidally corrugated surfaces, and from the isoelectronic experiment are considered, and the ranges of their greatest strength are refined. Minor modifications in the experimental setups are proposed which allow for strengthening the resultant constraints up to an order of magnitude. The comparison with some weaker constraints derived in the Casimir regime is also made."
"In the tunneling framework, one of us, Jiang, together with Han has studied the black hole spectroscopy via adiabatic invariance, where the adiabatic invariant quantity has been intriguingly obtained by investigating the oscillating velocity of the black hole horizon. In this paper, we attempt to improve Jiang–Han’s proposal in two ways. Firstly, we once again examine the fact that, in different types (Schwarzschild and Painlevé) of coordinates as well as in different gravity frames, the adiabatic invariant introduced by Jiang and Han is canonically invariant. Secondly, we attempt to confirm Jiang–Han’s proposal reasonably in more general gravity frames (including Einstein’s gravity, EGB gravity and HL gravity). Concurrently, for improving this proposal, we interestingly find in more general gravity theories that the entropy of the black hole is an adiabatic invariant action variable, but the horizon area is only an adiabatic invariant. In this sense, we emphasize the concept that the quantum of the black hole entropy is more natural than that of the horizon area."
"Applying the anholonomic frame deformation method, we construct various classes of cosmological solutions for effective Einstein–Yang–Mills–Higgs, and two measure theories. The types of models considered are Freedman–Lemaître–Robertson–Walker, Bianchi, Kasner and models with attractor configurations. The various regimes pertaining to plateau-type inflation, quadratic inflation, Starobinsky type and Higgs type inflation are presented."
"The spectra and wave functions of heavy–light mesons are calculated within a relativistic quark model which is based on a heavy-quark expansion of the instantaneous Bethe–Salpeter equation by applying the Foldy–Wouthuysen transformation. The kernel we choose is the standard combination of linear scalar and Coulombic vector. The effective Hamiltonian for heavy–light quark–antiquark system is calculated up to order . Our results are in good agreement with available experimental data except for the anomalous and states. The newly observed heavy–light meson states can be accommodated successfully in the relativistic quark model with their assignments presented. The can be interpreted as the and states being members of the 1D family with and ."
"In this article, we show that making global fits of string theory model parameters to data is an interesting mechanism for probing, mapping and forecasting connections of the theory to real world physics. We considered a large volume scenario (LVS) with D3-brane matter fields and supersymmetry breaking. A global fit of the parameters to low-energy data shows that the set of LVS models are associated with light gluinos which are quasi-degenerate with the neutralinos and charginos they can promptly decay into, and thus they are possibly hidden to current LHC gluino search strategies."
"The relativistic quantum dynamics of scalar bosons in the background of a full vector coupling (minimal plus nonminimal vector couplings) is explored in the context of the Duffin–Kemmer–Petiau formalism. The Coulomb phase shift is determined for a general mixing of couplings and it is shown that the space component of the nonminimal coupling is a sine qua non condition for the exact closed-form scattering amplitude. It follows that the Rutherford cross section vanishes in the absence of the time component of the minimal coupling. Bound-state solutions obtained from the poles of the partial scattering amplitude show that the time component of the minimal coupling plays an essential role. The bound-state solutions depend on the nonminimal coupling and the spectrum consists of particles or antiparticles depending on the sign of the time component of the minimal coupling without chance for pair production even in the presence of strong couplings. It is also shown that an accidental degeneracy appears for a particular mixing of couplings."
"In this paper, we shall analyze a three dimensional supersymmetry theory with supersymmetry. We will analyze the quantization of this theory, in the presence of a boundary. The effective Lagrangian used in the path integral quantization of this theory, will be given by the sum of the gauge fixing term and the ghost term with the original classical Lagrangian. Even though the supersymmetry of this effective Lagrangian will also be broken due to the presence of a boundary, it will be demonstrated that half of the supersymmetry of this theory can be preserved by adding a boundary Lagrangian to the effective bulk Lagrangian. The supersymmetric transformation of this new boundary Lagrangian will exactly cancel the boundary term generated from the supersymmetric transformation of the effective bulk Lagrangian. We will analyze the Slavnov–Taylor identity for this Yang–Mills theory with a boundary."
"The viability of a variant of numerical stochastic perturbation theory, where the Langevin equation is replaced by the SMD algorithm, is examined. In particular, the convergence of the process to a unique stationary state is rigorously established and the use of higher-order symplectic integration schemes is shown to be highly profitable in this context. For illustration, the gradient-flow coupling in finite volume with Schrödinger functional boundary conditions is computed to two-loop (i.e. NNL) order in the SU(3) gauge theory. The scaling behaviour of the algorithm turns out to be rather favourable in this case, which allows the computations to be driven close to the continuum limit."
"The study has been carried out on the prospects of probing the sterile neutrino mixing with the magnetized iron calorimeter (ICAL) at the India-based Neutrino Observatory (INO), using atmospheric neutrinos as a source. The so-called 3  1 scenario is considered for active–sterile neutrino mixing and lead to projected exclusion curves in the sterile neutrino mass and mixing angle plane. The analysis is performed using the neutrino event generator NUANCE, modified for ICAL, and folded with the detector resolutions obtained by the INO collaboration from a full GEANT4-based detector simulation. A comparison has been made between the results obtained from the analysis considering only the energy and zenith angle of the muon and combined with the hadron energy due to the neutrino induced event. A small improvement has been observed with the addition of the hadron information to the muon. In the analysis we consider neutrinos coming from all zenith angles and the Earth matter effects are also included. The inclusion of events from all zenith angles improves the sensitivity to sterile neutrino mixing by about 35 over the result obtained using only down-going events. The improvement mainly stems from the impact of Earth matter effects on active–sterile mixing. The expected precision of ICAL on the active–sterile mixing is explored and the allowed confidence level (C.L.) contours presented. At the assumed true value of for the sterile mixing angles and marginalization over and the sterile mixing angles, the upper bound at 90% C.L. (from two-parameter plots) is around for and , and about for ."
"We show that if the -attractor model is realized by the spontaneous breaking of the scale symmetry, then the stability and the dynamics of the vector field that gauges the scale symmetry can severely constrain the -parameter as restricting the inflationary predictions in a very tiny region in the plane that are in great agreement with the latest Planck data. Although the different values of do not make a tangible difference for and &lt;i&gt;r&lt;i/&gt;, they provide radically different scenarios for the post-inflationary dynamics which determines the standard BBN processes and the large scale isotropy of the universe."
"A computation of inclusive cross sections for neutral Higgs boson production through gluon fusion and bottom-quark annihilation is presented in the MSSM with complex parameters. The predictions for the gluon-fusion process are based on an explicit calculation of the leading-order cross section for arbitrary complex parameters which is supplemented by higher-order corrections: massive top- and bottom-quark contributions at NLO QCD, in the heavy top-quark effective theory the top-quark contribution up to NLO QCD including a soft expansion for the -even component of the light Higgs boson. For its -odd component and the heavy Higgs bosons the contributions are incorporated up to NNLO QCD. Two-loop electroweak effects are also incorporated, and SUSY QCD corrections at NLO are interpolated from the MSSM with real parameters. Finite wave function normalisation factors ensuring correct on-shell properties of the external Higgs bosons are incorporated from the code FeynHiggs. For the typical case of a strong admixture of the two heavy Higgs bosons it is demonstrated that squark effects are strongly dependent on the phases of the complex parameters. The remaining theoretical uncertainties for cross sections are discussed. The results have been implemented into an extension of the numerical code SusHi called SusHiMi."
"We revisit charged lepton flavour in-flight conversions, in which a beam of electrons or muons is directed onto a fixed target, , and , focusing on elastic interactions with a nucleus &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt;. After a general discussion of this observable, we carry a full phenomenological analysis in the framework of minimal Standard Model extensions via sterile neutrinos, with a strong emphasis on the rôle of the increasingly more stringent constraints arising from other (low-energy) charged lepton flavour-violation observables. Despite the potential interest of this observable, in particular in the light of certain upcoming facilities with the capability of very intense lepton beams, our study suggests that due to current bounds on three-body decays () and conversion in nuclei, the expected number of conversions in such a minimal framework is dramatically reduced. An experimental observation of such a conversion would thus signal the presence of another source of flavour violation, possibly at tree level."
"A detailed Dirac and Faddeev–Jackiw formulation of Bonzom–Livine model describing gravity in three dimensions is performed. The full structure of the constraints, the gauge transformations and the generalized Faddeev–Jackiw brackets are found. In addition, we show that the Faddeev–Jackiw and Dirac brackets coincide."
"This paper addresses the question of the observability of neutral Higgs bosons through the leptonic decay in a two Higgs doublet model (2HDM). Both scalar and pseudo-scalar Higgs bosons (&lt;i&gt;H&lt;i/&gt;,  &lt;i&gt;A&lt;i/&gt;) are considered. The model is set to type IV to enhance the leptonic decay. In such a scenario, a signal production process like or would provide a clear signal on top of the background in a di-muon invariant mass distribution far from the &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; boson pole mass. The analysis is based on a -id algorithm which preselects events if they have two jets by requiring a hadronic decay. Several benchmark points are defined for the search, requiring a linear collider operating at and 1 TeV. It is shown that the signal can be observed on top of the background in all benchmark points at an integrated luminosity of 1000 ."
"Transformation of a neutron to an antineutron has not yet been experimentally observed. In principle, it can occur with free neutrons in the vacuum or with neutrons bound inside the nuclei. In a nuclear medium the neutron and the antineutron have different potentials and for that reason &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt;– conversion in nuclei is heavily suppressed. This transformation can also be suppressed for free neutrons in the presence of an environmental vector field that distinguishes the neutron from the antineutron. We consider the case of a gauge field coupled to the charge of the particles ( photon), and we show that discovery of &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt;– oscillation in experiment will lead to few order of magnitudes stronger limits on its coupling constant than present limits from the tests of the equivalence principle. If &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt;– oscillation will be discovered via nuclear instability, but not in free neutron oscillations at a corresponding level, this would indicate the presence of such environmental fifth forces. In the latter case the potential can be measurable by varying the external magnetic field for achieving the resonance conditions for &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt;– conversion. As for neutron–mirror neutron oscillation, such potentials should have no effect once the fifth forces are associated to a common quantum number shared by the ordinary and mirror particles."
"We find that a recently proposed interaction involving the vorticity current of electrons, which radiatively induces a photon mass in dimensions in the low-energy effective theory, corresponds to confining strings (linear potential) between electrons."
"Identifying the nature and origin of dark matter is one of the major challenges for modern astro and particle physics. Direct dark-matter searches aim at an observation of dark-matter particles interacting within detectors. The focus of several such searches is on interactions with nuclei as provided e.g. by weakly interacting massive particles. However, there is a variety of dark-matter candidates favoring interactions with electrons rather than with nuclei. One example are dark photons, i.e., long-lived vector particles with a kinetic mixing to standard-model photons. In this work we present constraints on this kinetic mixing based on data from CRESST-II Phase 2 corresponding to an exposure before cuts of 52 kg-days. These constraints improve the existing ones for dark-photon masses between 0.3 and 0.7 keV/c."
"We study rigidly rotating and pulsating (&lt;i&gt;m&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt;) strings in with mixed three form flux. The background with mixed three form flux is obtained in the near horizon limit of SL(2, &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt;)-transformed solution, corresponding to the bound state of NS5-branes and fundamental strings. We study the probe (&lt;i&gt;m&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt;)-string in this background by solving the manifest SL(2, &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt;)-covariant form of the action. We find the dyonic giant magnon and single spike solutions corresponding to the equations of motion of a probe string in this background and find various relationships among the conserved charges. We further study a class of pulsating (&lt;i&gt;m&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt;) string in with mixed three form flux."
"We give a systematical study on the recently reported excited charm and charm–strange mesons with potential spin–parity, including the , , , , and . The main strong decay properties are obtained in the framework of Bethe–Salpeter (BS) methods. Our results reveal that the two charm–strange mesons can be well described by the further – mixing scheme with a mixing angle of . The predicted decay ratio for is .  can also be explained as the predominant state with a mixing angle of . Considering the mass range, and are more likely to be the predominant states, although the total widths under the two and assignments have no great conflict with the current experimental data. The calculated width for the LHCb seems to be about 100 MeV larger than the experimental measurement if taking it as or dominant state . The comparisons with other calculations and several important decay ratios are also presented. For the identification of these charm mesons, further experimental information, such as , is necessary."
"The aim of this paper is to study the quantum tunneling process for charged vector particles through the horizons of more generalized black holes by using the Proca equation. For this purpose, we consider a pair of charged accelerating and rotating black holes with Newman–Unti–Tamburino parameter and a black hole in 5D gauged super-gravity theory, respectively. Further, we study the tunneling probability and corresponding Hawking temperature for both black holes by using the WKB approximation. We find that our analysis is independent of the particles species whether or not the background black hole geometries are more generalized."
"Using Maxwell’s equal area law, we discuss the phase transition of higher dimensional charged topological dilaton AdS black hole with a nonlinear source. The coexisting region of the two phases is found and we depict the coexistence region in the &lt;i&gt;P&lt;i/&gt;–&lt;i&gt;v&lt;i/&gt; diagrams. The two-phase equilibrium curves in the &lt;i&gt;P&lt;i/&gt;–&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt; diagrams are plotted, and we take the first order approximation of volume &lt;i&gt;v&lt;i/&gt; in the calculation. To better compare with a general thermodynamic system, the Clapeyron equation is derived for a higher dimensional charged topological black hole with a nonlinear source. The latent heat of an isothermal phase transition is investigated. We also study the effect of the parameters of the black hole on the region of two-phase coexistence. The results show that the black hole may go through a small–large phase transition similar to those of usual non-gravity thermodynamic systems."
"A search for new phenomena is performed in final states containing one or more jets and an imbalance in transverse momentum in pp collisions at a centre-of-mass energy of 13. The analysed data sample, recorded with the CMS detector at the CERN LHC, corresponds to an integrated luminosity of 2.3. Several kinematic variables are employed to suppress the dominant background, multijet production, as well as to discriminate between other standard model and new physics processes. The search provides sensitivity to a broad range of new-physics models that yield a stable weakly interacting massive particle. The number of observed candidate events is found to agree with the expected contributions from standard model processes, and the result is interpreted in the mass parameter space of fourteen simplified supersymmetric models that assume the pair production of gluinos or squarks and a range of decay modes. For models that assume gluino pair production, masses up to 1575 and 975 are excluded for gluinos and neutralinos, respectively. For models involving the pair production of top squarks and compressed mass spectra, top squark masses up to 400 are excluded."
"We perform a detailed analysis of next-to-leading order plus parton-shower matching in vector-boson-fusion WW production including leptonic decays. The study is performed in the Herwig 7 framework interfaced to VBFNLO 3, using the angular-ordered and dipole-based parton-shower algorithms combined with the subtractive and multiplicative-matching algorithms."
"This article presents measurements of differential cross-sections in a fiducial phase-space region, using an integrated luminosity of 3.2 fb of proton–proton data at a centre-of-mass energy of  TeV recorded by the ATLAS experiment at the LHC in 2015. Differential cross-sections are measured as a function of the transverse momentum and absolute rapidity of the top quark, and of the transverse momentum, absolute rapidity and invariant mass of the system. The events are selected by requiring one electron and one muon of opposite electric charge, and at least two jets, one of which must be tagged as containing a &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-hadron. The measured differential cross-sections are compared to predictions of next-to-leading order generators matched to parton showers and the measurements are found to be consistent with all models within the experimental uncertainties with the exception of the Powheg-Box Herwig++ predictions, which differ significantly from the data in both the transverse momentum of the top quark and the mass of the system."
"Using the recent observation of gravitational waves (GW) produced by a black-hole merger, we place a lower bound on the energy above which a multifractal spacetime would display an anomalous geometry and, in particular, violations of Lorentz invariance. In the so-called multifractional theory with &lt;i&gt;q&lt;i/&gt;-derivatives, we show that the deformation of dispersion relations is much stronger than in generic quantum-gravity approaches (including loop quantum gravity) and, contrary to the latter, present observations on GWs can place very strong bounds on the characteristic scales at which spacetime deviates from standard Minkowski. The energy at which multifractal effects should become apparent is (thus improving previous bounds by 12 orders of magnitude) when the exponents in the measure are fixed to their central value 1 / 2. We also estimate, for the first time, the effect of logarithmic oscillations in the measure (corresponding to a discrete spacetime structure) and find that they do not change much the bounds obtained in their absence, unless the amplitude of the oscillations is fine tuned. This feature, unavailable in known quantum-gravity scenarios, may help the theory to avoid being ruled out by gamma-ray burst (GRB) observations, for which or greater."
"We analyze the coupled quintessence in the light of the linear dynamical systems theory, with two different interactions: (1) proportional to the energy density of the dark energy and (2) proportional to the sum of the energy densities of the dark matter and dark energy. The results presented here enlarge the previous analyses in the literature, wherein the interaction has been only proportional to the energy density of the dark matter. In the first case it is possible to get the well-known sequence of cosmological eras. For the second interaction only the radiation and the dark-energy era can be described by the fixed points. Therefore, from the point of view of dynamical system theory, the interaction proportional to the sum of the energy densities of the dark matter and dark energy does not describe the universe we live in."
"The Gödel universe is a direct product of a line and a three-dimensional spacetime we call G. In this paper, we show that the Gödel metrics can arise as exact solutions in Einstein–Maxwell–Axion, Einstein–Proca–Axion, or Freedman–Schwarz gauged supergravity theories. The last option allows us to embed the Gödel universe in string theory. The ten-dimensional spacetime is a direct product of a line and the nine-dimensional one of an bundle over G, and it can be interpreted as some decoupling limit of the rotating D1/D5/D5 intersection. For some appropriate parameter choice, the nine-dimensional metric becomes an AdS bundle over squashed 3-sphere. We also study the properties of the Gödel black holes that are constructed from the double Wick rotations of the Gödel metrics."
"We investigate possible effects of correlations between stopped nucleons on higher order proton cumulants at low energy heavy-ion collisions. We find that fluctuations of the number of wounded nucleons lead to rather nontrivial dependence of the correlations on the centrality; however, this effect is too small to explain the large and positive four-proton correlations found in the preliminary data collected by the STAR collaboration at GeV. We further demonstrate that, by taking into account additional proton clustering, we are able to qualitatively reproduce the preliminary experimental data. We speculate that this clustering may originate either from collective/multi-collision stopping which is expected to be effective at lower energies or from a possible first-order phase transition, or from (attractive) final state interactions. To test these ideas we propose to measure a mixed multi-particle correlation between stopped protons and a produced particle (e.g. pion, antiproton)."
"The gravitino problem is revisited in the framework of cosmological models in which the primordial cosmic matter is described by a relativistic imperfect fluid. Dissipative effects (or bulk viscosity effects) arise owing to the different cooling rates of the fluid components. We show that the effects of the bulk viscosity allow one to avoid the late abundance of gravitinos. In particular, for particular values of the parameters characterizing the cosmological model, the gravitino abundance turns out to be weakly depending on the reheating temperature."
"In this paper we study the anisotropic universe using Noether symmetries in modified gravity. In particular, we choose a locally rotationally symmetric Bianchi type-I universe for the analysis in gravity, where &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt; is the Ricci scalar and is the Gauss–Bonnet invariant. Firstly, a model is proposed and the corresponding Noether symmetries are investigated. We have also recovered the Noether symmetries for &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) and theories of gravity. Secondly, some important cosmological solutions are reconstructed. Exponential and power-law solutions are reported for a well-known model, i.e., . Especially, Kasner’s solution is recovered and it is anticipated that the familiar de Sitter spacetime giving cosmology may be reconstructed for some suitable value of &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt;."
"Recently, several exotic bosons have been confirmed as multi-quark states. However, there are violent disputes about their inner structures, namely if they are molecular states or tetraquarks, or even mixtures of the two structures. It would be interesting to search experimentally for non-strange four-quark states with open charm or bottom which are lighter than or . Reasonable arguments indicate that they are good candidates of pure molecular states or because pions are the lightest boson. Both and bound states do not decay via the strong interaction. The molecule may decay into by radiating a photon, whereas the molecule can only decay via weak interaction. In this paper we explore the mass spectra of the molecular states by solving the corresponding instantaneous B–S equation. Then the rate of radiative decay is calculated and our numerical results indicate that the processes can be measured by the future experiment. We also briefly discuss the case. Due to the constraint of the final state phase space it can only decay via weak interaction."
"We study various classical aspects of the Weyl transverse (WTDiff) gravity in a general space-time dimension. First of all, we clarify a classical equivalence among three kinds of gravitational theories, those are, the conformally invariant scalar tensor gravity, Einstein’s general relativity and the WTDiff gravity via the gauge-fixing procedure. Secondly, we show that in the WTDiff gravity the cosmological constant is a mere integration constant as in unimodular gravity, but it does not receive any radiative corrections unlike the unimodular gravity. A key point in this proof is to construct a covariantly conserved energy-momentum tensor, which is achieved on the basis of this equivalence relation. Thirdly, we demonstrate that the Noether current for the Weyl transformation is identically vanishing, thereby implying that the Weyl symmetry existing in both the conformally invariant scalar tensor gravity and the WTDiff gravity is a “fake” symmetry. We find it possible to extend this proof to all matter fields, i.e. the Weyl-invariant scalar, vector and spinor fields. Fourthly, it is explicitly shown that in the WTDiff gravity the Schwarzschild black hole metric and a charged black hole one are classical solutions to the equations of motion only when they are expressed in the Cartesian coordinate system. Finally, we consider the Friedmann–Lemaitre–Robertson–Walker (FLRW) cosmology and provide some exact solutions."
"We derive a Tolman–Oppenheimer–Volkoff equation in neutron star systems within the modified -gravity class of models using a perturbative approach. In our approach -gravity is considered to be a static spherically symmetric space-time. In this instance the metric is built from a more fundamental vierbein which can be used to relate inertial and global coordinates. A linear function is taken as the Lagrangian density for the gravitational action. Finally we impose the polytropic equation of state of neutron star upon the derived equations in order to derive the mass profile and mass–central density relations of the neutron star in -gravity."
"Very recently, Josset and Perez (Phys. Rev. Lett. 118:021102, 2017) have shown that a violation of the energy-momentum tensor (EMT) could result in an accelerated expansion state via the appearance of an effective cosmological constant, in the context of unimodular gravity. Inspired by this outcome, in this paper we investigate cosmological consequences of a violation of the EMT conservation in a particular class of gravity when only the pressure-less fluid is present. In this respect, we focus on the late time solutions of models of the type . As the first task, we study the solutions when the conservation of EMT is respected, and then we proceed with those in which violation occurs. We have found, provided that the EMT conservation is violated, that there generally exist two accelerated expansion solutions of which the stability properties depend on the underlying model. More exactly, we obtain a dark energy solution for which the effective equation of state depends on the model parameters and a de Sitter solution. We present a method to parametrize the function, which is useful in a dynamical system approach and has been employed in the model. Also, we discuss the cosmological solutions for models with in the presence of ultra-relativistic matter."
"Neutrino mass sum rules have recently gained again more attention as a powerful tool to discriminate and test various flavour models in the near future. A related question which has not yet been discussed fully satisfactorily was the origin of these sum rules and if they are related to any residual or accidental symmetry. We will address this open issue here systematically and find previous statements confirmed. Namely, the sum rules are not related to any enhanced symmetry of the Lagrangian after family symmetry breaking but they are simply the result of a reduction of free parameters due to skillful model building."
"This report was prepared in the context of the LPCC &lt;i&gt;Electroweak Precision Measurements at the LHC WG&lt;i/&gt; (https://lpcc.web.cern.ch/lpcc/index.php?page=electroweak_wg) and summarizes the activity of a subgroup dedicated to the systematic comparison of public Monte Carlo codes, which describe the Drell–Yan processes at hadron colliders, in particular at the CERN Large Hadron Collider (LHC). This work represents an important step towards the definition of an accurate simulation framework necessary for very high-precision measurements of electroweak (EW) observables such as the &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; boson mass and the weak mixing angle. All the codes considered in this report share at least next-to-leading-order (NLO) accuracy in the prediction of the total cross sections in an expansion either in the strong or in the EW coupling constant. The NLO fixed-order predictions have been scrutinized at the technical level, using exactly the same inputs, setup and perturbative accuracy, in order to quantify the level of agreement of different implementations of the same calculation. A dedicated comparison, again at the technical level, of three codes that reach next-to-next-to-leading-order (NNLO) accuracy in quantum chromodynamics (QCD) for the total cross section has also been performed. These fixed-order results are a well-defined reference that allows a classification of the impact of higher-order sets of radiative corrections. Several examples of higher-order effects due to the strong or the EW interaction are discussed in this common framework. Also the combination of QCD and EW corrections is discussed, together with the ambiguities that affect the final result, due to the choice of a specific combination recipe. All the codes considered in this report have been run by the respective authors, and the results presented here constitute a benchmark that should be always checked/reproduced before any high-precision analysis is conducted based on these codes. In order to simplify these benchmarking procedures, the codes used in this report, together with the relevant input files and running instructions, can be found in a repository at https://twiki.cern.ch/twiki/bin/view/Main/DrellYanComparison."
"High-mass diffractive production of protons on the deuteron target is studied in perturbative QCD in the BFKL approach. A leading order rearrangement contribution and the standard triple pomeron (the impulse approximation) are studied. In the perturbative limit the rearrangement contribution dominates. Numerical estimates at realistic values of and energies strongly depend on assumptions made about the behavior of the pomeron attached to the proton due to unitarization. They indicate that irrespective of these assumptions in the realistic situation the rearrangement and triple pomeron contributions turn out to be of comparable magnitude due to the large dimensions of the deuteron."
"A class of dynamical dark energy models is constructed through an extended version of fermion fields corresponding to phantom dark ghost spinors, which are spin 1/2 with mass dimension 1. We find that if these spinors interact with torsion fields in a homogeneous and isotropic universe, then it does not imply any future dark energy singularity or any abrupt event, though the fermion has a negative kinetic energy. In fact, the equation of state of this dark energy model will asymptotically approach the value from above without crossing the phantom divide and inducing therefore a de Sitter state. Consequently, we expect the model to be stable because no &lt;i&gt;real&lt;i/&gt; phantom fields will be created. At late time, the torsion fields will vanish as the corresponding phantom dark ghost spinors dilute. As would be expected, intuitively, this result is unaffected by the presence of cold dark matter although the proof is not as straightforward as in general relativity."
"The stability of the modular field in a warped brane world scenario has been a subject of interest for a long time. Goldberger and Wise (GW) proposed a mechanism to achieve this by invoking a massive scalar field in the bulk space-time neglecting the back-reaction. In this work, we examine the possibility of stabilizing the modulus without bringing about any external scalar field. We show that instead of flat 3-branes as considered in Randall–Sundrum (RS) warped braneworld model, if one considers a more generalized version of warped geometry with de Sitter 3-brane, then the brane vacuum energy automatically leads to a modulus potential with a metastable minimum. Our result further reveals that in this scenario the gauge hierarchy problem can also be resolved for an appropriate choice of the brane’s cosmological constant."
"The goal of this report is to summarize the current situation and discuss possible search strategies for charged scalars, in non-supersymmetric extensions of the Standard Model at the LHC. Such scalars appear in Multi-Higgs-Doublet models, in particular in the popular Two-Higgs-Doublet model, allowing for charged and additional neutral Higgs bosons. These models have the attractive property that electroweak precision observables are automatically in agreement with the Standard Model at the tree level. For the most popular version of this framework, Model II, a discovery of a charged Higgs boson remains challenging, since the parameter space is becoming very constrained, and the QCD background is very high. We also briefly comment on models with dark matter which constrain the corresponding charged scalars that occur in these models. The stakes of a possible discovery of an extended scalar sector are very high, and these searches should be pursued in all conceivable channels, at the LHC and at future colliders."
"The XENON1T experiment aims for the direct detection of dark matter in a detector filled with 3.3 tons of liquid xenon. In order to achieve the desired sensitivity, the background induced by radioactive decays inside the detector has to be sufficiently low. One major contributor is the -emitter Kr which is present in the xenon. For XENON1T a concentration of natural krypton in xenon   (parts per quadrillion, ) is required. In this work, the design, construction and test of a novel cryogenic distillation column using the common McCabe–Thiele approach is described. The system demonstrated a krypton reduction factor of with thermodynamic stability at process speeds above 3 kg/h. The resulting concentration of is the lowest ever achieved, almost one order of magnitude below the requirements for XENON1T and even sufficient for future dark matter experiments using liquid xenon, such as XENONnT and DARWIN."
"We present a first numerical implementation of the loop–tree duality (LTD) method for the direct numerical computation of multi-leg one-loop Feynman integrals. We discuss in detail the singular structure of the dual integrands and define a suitable contour deformation in the loop three-momentum space to carry out the numerical integration. Then we apply the LTD method to the computation of ultraviolet and infrared finite integrals, and we present explicit results for scalar and tensor integrals with up to eight external legs (octagons). The LTD method features an excellent performance independently of the number of external legs."
"We study a class of models in which the Higgs pair production is enhanced at hadron colliders by an extra neutral scalar. The scalar particle is produced by the gluon fusion via a loop of new colored particles, and decays into di-Higgs through its mixing with the Standard Model Higgs. Such a colored particle can be the top/bottom partner, such as in the dilaton model, or a colored scalar which can be triplet, sextet, octet, etc., called leptoquark, diquark, coloron, etc., respectively. We examine the experimental constraints from the latest Large Hadron Collider (LHC) data, and discuss the future prospects of the LHC and the Future Circular Collider up to 100 TeV. We also point out that the excess in the final state reported by the ATLAS experiment can be interpreted as the resonance of the neutral scalar at 300 GeV."
"A modified Hayward black hole is a nonsingular black hole. It is proposed that it would form when the pressure generated by quantum gravity can stop matter’s collapse as the matter reaches the Planck density. Strong deflection gravitational lensing occurring nearby its event horizon might provide some clues of these quantum effects in its central core. We investigate observables of the strong deflection lensing, including angular separations, brightness differences and time delays between its relativistic images, and we estimate their values for the supermassive black hole in the Galactic center. We find that it is possible to distinguish the modified Hayward black hole from a Schwarzschild one, but it demands a very high resolution, beyond current stage."
"In the present work, we study the consequences of considering a new family of single-field inflation models, called power-law plateau inflation, in the warm inflation framework. We consider the inflationary expansion is driven by a standard scalar field with a decay ratio having a generic power-law dependence with the scalar field and the temperature of the thermal bath &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt; given by . Assuming that our model evolves according to the strong dissipative regime, we study the background and perturbative dynamics, obtaining the most relevant inflationary observable as the scalar power spectrum, the scalar spectral index and its running and the tensor-to-scalar ratio. The free parameters characterizing our model are constrained by considering the essential condition for warm inflation, the conditions for the model evolves according to the strong dissipative regime and the 2015 Planck results through the –&lt;i&gt;r&lt;i/&gt; plane. For completeness, we study the predictions in the – plane. The model is consistent with a strong dissipative dynamics and predicts values for the tensor-to-scalar ratio and for the running of the scalar spectral index consistent with current bounds imposed by Planck and we conclude that the model is viable."
"In this work we study the Dirac equation with vector and scalar potentials in the spacetime generated by a cosmic string. Using an approximation for the centrifugal term, a solution for the radial differential equation is obtained. We consider the scattering states under the Hulthén potential and obtain the phase shifts. From the poles of the scattering &lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt;-matrix the states energies are determined as well."
"The Regge trajectory of an elastic resonance can be calculated from dispersion theory, instead of fitted phenomenologically, using only its pole parameters as input. This also provides a correct treatment of resonance widths in Regge trajectories, essential for very wide resonances. In this work we first calculate the Regge trajectory, finding the ordinary almost real and linear behavior, typical of resonances. In contrast, for the meson, the resulting Regge trajectory is non-linear and has a much smaller slope than ordinary resonances, being remarkably similar to that of the or meson. The slope of these unusual Regge trajectories seems to scale with the meson masses rather than with scales typical of quark degrees of freedom. We also calculate the range of the interaction responsible for the formation of these resonances. Our results strongly support a non-ordinary, predominantly meson–meson-like, interpretation for the lightest strange and non-strange resonances."
"We study holographic isotropization of an anisotropic homogeneous non-Abelian strongly coupled plasma in the presence of Gauss–Bonnet corrections. It was verified before that one can linearize Einstein’s equations around the final black hole background and simplify the complicated setup. Using this approach, we study the expectation value of the boundary stress tensor. Although we consider small values of the Gauss–Bonnet coupling constant, it is found that finite coupling leads to significant increasing of the thermalization time. By including higher order corrections in linearization, we extend the results to study the effect of the Gauss–Bonnet coupling on the entropy production on the event horizon."
"We classify the weakly interacting fixed points of general gauge theories coupled to matter and explain how the competition between gauge and matter fluctuations gives rise to a rich spectrum of high- and low-energy fixed points. The pivotal role played by Yukawa couplings is emphasised. Necessary and sufficient conditions for asymptotic safety of gauge theories are also derived, in conjunction with strict no go theorems. Implications for phase diagrams of gauge theories and physics beyond the Standard Model are indicated."
"Multi-particle cumulants and corresponding Fourier harmonics are measured for azimuthal angle distributions of charged particles in collisions at = 5.02 and 13 TeV and in  + Pb collisions at = 5.02 TeV, and compared to the results obtained for low-multiplicity collisions at = 2.76 TeV. These measurements aim to assess the collective nature of particle production. The measurements of multi-particle cumulants confirm the evidence for collective phenomena in  + Pb and low-multiplicity collisions. On the other hand, the results for four-particle cumulants do not demonstrate collective behaviour, indicating that they may be biased by contributions from non-flow correlations. A comparison of multi-particle cumulants and derived Fourier harmonics across different collision systems is presented as a function of the charged-particle multiplicity. For a given multiplicity, the measured Fourier harmonics are largest in , smaller in  + Pb and smallest in collisions. The results show no dependence on the collision energy, nor on the multiplicity."
"Momentum anisotropy present during the hydrodynamic evolution of the Quark–Gluon Plasma (QGP) in RHIC may lead to the chromo-Weibel instability and turbulent chromo-fields.The dynamics of the quark and gluon momentum distributions in this case is governed by an effective diffusive Vlasov equation (linearized). The solution of this linearized transport equation for the modified momentum distribution functions lead to the mathematical form of non-equilibrium momentum distribution functions of quarks/antiquarks and gluons. The modifications to these distributions encode the physics of turbulent color fields and momentum anisotropy. In the present manuscript, we employ these distribution functions to estimate the thermal dilepton production rate in the QGP medium. The production rate is seen to have appreciable sensitivity to the strength of the anisotropy."
"We study the dynamics of a bulk viscosity model in the Eckart approach for a spatially flat Friedmann–Robertson–Walker (FRW) Universe. We have included radiation and dark energy, assumed as perfect fluids, and dark matter treated as an imperfect fluid having bulk viscosity. We also introduce an interaction term between the dark matter and dark energy components. Considering that the bulk viscosity is proportional to the dark matter energy density and imposing a complete cosmological dynamics, we find bounds on the bulk viscosity in order to reproduce a matter-dominated era (MDE). This constraint is independent of the interaction term. Some late time phantom solutions are mathematically possible. However, the constraint imposed by a MDE restricts the interaction parameter, in the phantom solutions, to a region consistent with a null value, eliminating the possibility of late time stable solutions with . From the different cases that we study, the only possible scenario, with bulk viscosity and interaction term, belongs to the quintessence region. In the latter case, we find bounds on the interaction parameter compatible with latest observational data."
"In this article, one of the well-known effects in quantum mechanics is addressed and also the extended form of quantum mechanics which is based on quaternions is presented. In the presence of this version of quantum mechanics the Ramsauer–Townsend effect has been investigated and the existence of this phenomenon is studied according to quaternionic calculations; results are presented by graphs."
"Future upgrades of the CERN Large Hadron Collider (LHC) demand improved cleaning performance of its collimation system. Very efficient collimation is required during regular operations at high intensities, because even a small amount of energy deposited on superconducting magnets can cause an abrupt loss of superconducting conditions (quench). The possibility to use a crystal-based collimation system represents an option for improving both cleaning performance and impedance compared to the present system. Before relying on crystal collimation for the LHC, a demonstration under LHC conditions (energy, beam parameters, etc.) and a comparison against the present system is considered mandatory. Thus, a prototype crystal collimation system has been designed and installed in the LHC during the Long Shutdown 1 (LS1), to perform feasibility tests during the Run 2 at energies up to 6.5 TeV. The layout is suitable for operation with proton as well as heavy ion beams. In this paper, the design constraints and the solutions proposed for this test stand for feasibility demonstration of crystal collimation at the LHC are presented. The expected cleaning performance achievable with this test stand, as assessed in simulations, is presented and compared to that of the present LHC collimation system. The first experimental observation of crystal channeling in the LHC at the record beam energy of 6.5 TeV has been obtained in 2015 using the layout presented (Scandale et al., Phys Lett B 758:129, 2016). First tests to measure the cleaning performance of this test stand have been carried out in 2016 and the detailed data analysis is still on-going."
"In this paper, we first obtain the higher-dimen-sional dilaton–Lifshitz black hole solutions in the presence of Born–Infeld (BI) electrodynamics. We find that there are two different solutions for the cases of and where &lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt; is the dynamical critical exponent and &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt; is the number of spatial dimensions. Calculating the conserved and thermodynamical quantities, we show that the first law of thermodynamics is satisfied for both cases. Then we turn to the study of different phase transitions for our Lifshitz black holes. We start with the Hawking–Page phase transition and explore the effects of different parameters of our model on it for both linearly and BI charged cases. After that, we discuss the phase transitions inside the black holes. We present the improved Davies quantities and prove that the phase transition points shown by them are coincident with the Ruppeiner ones. We show that the zero temperature phase transitions are transitions in the radiance properties of black holes by using the Landau–Lifshitz theory of thermodynamic fluctuations. Next, we turn to the study of the Ruppeiner geometry (thermodynamic geometry) for our solutions. We investigate thermal stability, interaction type of possible black hole molecules and phase transitions of our solutions for linearly and BI charged cases separately. For the linearly charged case, we show that there are no phase transitions at finite temperature for the case . For , it is found that the number of finite temperature phase transition points depends on the value of the black hole charge and there are not more than two. When we have two finite temperature phase transition points, there is no thermally stable black hole between these two points and we have discontinuous small/large black hole phase transitions. As expected, for small black holes, we observe finite magnitude for the Ruppeiner invariant, which shows the finite correlation between possible black hole molecules, while for large black holes, the correlation is very small. Finally, we study the Ruppeiner geometry and thermal stability of BI charged Lifshtiz black holes for different values of &lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;. We observe that small black holes are thermally unstable in some situations. Also, the behavior of the correlation between possible black hole molecules for large black holes is the same as for the linearly charged case. In both the linearly and the BI charged cases, for some choices of the parameters, the black hole system behaves like a Van der Waals gas near the transition point."
"We propose a predictive inert two-Higgs doublet model, where the standard model (SM) symmetry is extended by and the field content is enlarged by extra scalar fields, charged exotic fermions and two heavy right-handed Majorana neutrinos. The charged exotic fermions generate a non-trivial quark mixing and provide one-loop-level masses for the first- and second-generation charged fermions. The masses of the light active neutrinos are generated from a one-loop-level radiative seesaw mechanism. Our model successfully explains the observed SM fermion mass and mixing pattern."
"Timepix3 detectors are the latest generation of hybrid active pixel detectors of the Medipix/Timepix family. Such detectors consist of an active sensor layer which is connected to the readout ASIC (application specific integrated circuit), segmenting the detector into a square matrix of 256 256 pixels (pixel pitch 55 m). Particles interacting in the active sensor material create charge carriers, which drift towards the pixelated electrode, where they are collected. In each pixel, the time of the interaction (time resolution 1.56 ns) and the amount of created charge carriers are measured. Such a device was employed in an experiment in a 120 GeV/c pion beam. It is demonstrated, how the drift time information can be used for “4D” particle tracking, with the three spatial dimensions and the energy losses along the particle trajectory (dE/dx). Since the coordinates in the detector plane are given by the pixelation (&lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt;,&lt;i&gt;y&lt;i/&gt;), the &lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt;- and &lt;i&gt;y&lt;i/&gt;-resolution is determined by the pixel pitch (55 m). A &lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;-resolution of 50.4 m could be achieved (for a 500 m thick silicon sensor at 130 V bias), whereby the drift time model independent &lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;-resolution was found to be 28.5 m."
"Utilizing an ansatz developed by Maurya et al. we present a class of exact solutions of the Einstein–Maxwell field equations describing a spherically symmetric compact object. A detailed physical analysis of these solutions in terms of stability, compactness and regularity indicates that these solutions may be used to model strange star candidates. In particular, we model the strange star candidate Her X-1 and show that our solution conforms to observational data to an excellent degree of accuracy. An interesting and novel phenomenon which arises in this model is the fact that the relative difference between the electromagnetic force and the force due to the pressure anisotropy changing sign within the stellar interior. This may be an additional mechanism required for stability against cracking of the stellar object."
"A novel algorithm to reconstruct neutrino-induced particle showers within the ANTARES neutrino telescope is presented. The method achieves a median angular resolution of for shower energies below 100 TeV. Applying this algorithm to 6 years of data taken with the ANTARES detector, 8 events with reconstructed shower energies above 10 TeV are observed. This is consistent with the expectation of about 5 events from atmospheric backgrounds, but also compatible with diffuse astrophysical flux measurements by the IceCube collaboration, from which 2–4 additional events are expected. A C.L. upper limit on the diffuse astrophysical neutrino flux with a value per neutrino flavour of is set, applicable to the energy range from 23 TeV to 7.8 PeV, assuming an unbroken spectrum and neutrino flavour equipartition at Earth."
"We report the result of a search for sterile neutrinos with the latest cosmological observations. Both cases of massless and massive sterile neutrinos are considered in the CDM cosmology. The cosmological observations used in this work include the Planck 2015 temperature and polarization data, the baryon acoustic oscillation data, the Hubble constant direct measurement data, the Planck Sunyaev–Zeldovich cluster counts data, the Planck lensing data, and the cosmic shear data. We find that the current observational data give a hint of the existence of massless sterile neutrino (as dark radiation) at the 1.44 level, and the consideration of an extra massless sterile neutrino can indeed relieve the tension between observations and improve the cosmological fit. For the case of massive sterile neutrino, the observations give a rather tight upper limit on the mass, which implies that actually a massless sterile neutrino is more favored. Our result is consistent with the recent result of neutrino oscillation experiment done by the Daya Bay and MINOS collaborations, as well as the recent result of cosmic ray experiment done by the IceCube collaboration."
"We demonstrate the viability of the one-loop neutrino mass mechanism within the framework of grand unification when the loop particles comprise scalar leptoquarks (LQs) and quarks of the matching electric charge. This mechanism can be implemented in both supersymmetric and non-supersymmetric models and requires the presence of at least one LQ pair. The appropriate pairs for the neutrino mass generation via the up-type and down-type quark loops are – and –, respectively. We consider two distinct regimes for the LQ masses in our analysis. The first regime calls for very heavy LQs in the loop. It can be naturally realized with the – scenarios when the LQ masses are roughly between and  GeV. These lower and upper bounds originate from experimental limits on partial proton decay lifetimes and perturbativity constraints, respectively. Second regime corresponds to the collider accessible LQs in the neutrino mass loop. That option is viable for the – scenario in the models of unification that we discuss. If one furthermore assumes the presence of the type II see-saw mechanism there is an additional contribution from the – scenario that needs to be taken into account beside the type II see-saw contribution itself. We provide a complete list of renormalizable operators that yield necessary mixing of all aforementioned LQ pairs using the language of &lt;i&gt;SU&lt;i/&gt;(5). We furthermore discuss several possible embeddings of this mechanism in &lt;i&gt;SU&lt;i/&gt;(5) and &lt;i&gt;SO&lt;i/&gt;(10) gauge groups."
"To obtain fermionic quasinormal modes, the Dirac equation for two types of black holes is investigated. It is shown that two different geometries lead to distinctive types of quasinormal modes, while the boundary conditions imposed on the solutions in both cases are identical. For the first type of black hole, the quasinormal modes have continuous spectrum with negative imaginary part that provides the stability of perturbations. For the second type of the black hole, the quasinormal modes have a discrete spectrum and are completely imaginary."
"In this paper, in order to probe the spectator-scattering and weak annihilation contributions in charmless (where &lt;i&gt;V&lt;i/&gt; stands for a light vector meson) decays, we perform the -analyses for the endpoint parameters within the QCD factorization framework, under the constraints from the measured , , and decays. The fitted results indicate that the endpoint parameters in the factorizable and nonfactorizable annihilation topologies are non-universal, which is also favored by the charmless and &lt;i&gt;PV&lt;i/&gt; (where &lt;i&gt;P&lt;i/&gt; stands for a light pseudo-scalar meson) decays observed in previous work. Moreover, the abnormal polarization fractions measured by the LHCb collaboration can be reconciled through the weak annihilation corrections. However, the branching ratio of decay exhibits a tension between the data and theoretical result, which dominates the contributions to in the fits. Using the fitted endpoint parameters, we update the theoretical results for the charmless decays, which will be further tested by the LHCb and Belle-II experiments in the near future."
"We study the gravitational lensing scenario where the lens is a spherically symmetric charged black hole (BH) surrounded by quintessence matter. The null geodesic equations in the curved background of the black hole are derived. The resulting trajectory equation is solved analytically via perturbation and series methods for a special choice of parameters, and the distance of the closest approach to black hole is calculated. We also derive the lens equation giving the bending angle of light in the curved background. In the strong field approximation, the solution of the lens equation is also obtained for all values of the quintessence parameter . For all , we show that there are no stable closed null orbits and that corrections to the deflection angle for the Reissner–Nordström black hole when the observer and the source are at large, but finite, distances from the lens do not depend on the charge up to the inverse of the distances squared. A part of the present work, analyzed, however, with a different approach, is the extension of Younas et al. (Phys Rev D 92:084042, 2015) where the uncharged case has been treated."
"We investigate the physical properties of a purely kinetic k-essence model with an equation of state motivated in superconducting membranes. We compute the equation of state parameter &lt;i&gt;w&lt;i/&gt; and discuss its physical evolution via a nonlinear equation of state. Using the adiabatic speed of sound and energy density, we restrict the range of parameters of the model in order to have an acceptable physical behavior. We study the evolution of the scale factor and address the question of the possible existence of finite-time future singularities. Furthermore, we analyze the evolution of the luminosity distance with redshift &lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt; by comparing (normalizing) it with the CDM model. Since the equation of state parameter is &lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;-dependent the evolution of the luminosity distance is also analyzed using the Alcock–Paczyński test."
"We study two self-interacting scalar field theories in their high-temperature limit using path integrals on a lattice. We first discuss the formalism and recover known potentials to validate the method. We then discuss how these theories can model, in the high-temperature limit, the strong interaction and General Relativity. For the strong interaction, the model recovers the known phenomenology of the nearly static regime of heavy quarkonia. The model also exposes a possible origin for the emergence of the confinement scale from the approximately conformal Lagrangian. Aside from such possible insights, the main purpose of addressing the strong interaction here – given that more sophisticated approaches already exist – is mostly to further verify the pertinence of the model in the more complex case of General Relativity for which non-perturbative methods are not as developed. The results have important implications on the nature of Dark Matter. In particular, non-perturbative effects naturally provide flat rotation curves for disk galaxies, without need for non-baryonic matter, and explain as well other observations involving Dark Matter such as cluster dynamics or the dark mass of elliptical galaxies."
"It has been shown that the thin brane model in a five-dimensional Weyl gravity can deal with the wrong-signed Friedmann-like equation in the Randall–Sundrum-1 (RS1) model. In the Weyl brane model, there are also two branes with opposite brane tensions, but the four-dimensional graviton (the gravity zero mode) is localized near the negative tension brane, while our four-dimensional universe is localized on the positive tension brane. In this paper, we consider the mass spectra of various bulk matter fields (i.e., scalar, vector, and fermion fields) on the Weyl brane. It is shown that the zero modes of those matter fields can be localized on the positive tension brane under some conditions. The mass spectra of the bulk matter fields are equidistant for the higher excited states, and relatively sparse for the lower excited states. The size of the extra dimension determines the gap of the mass spectra. We also consider the correction to the Newtonian potential in this model and it is proportional to ."
"The KATRIN experiment aims to determine the neutrino mass scale with a sensitivity of 200  (90% C. L.) by a precision measurement of the shape of the tritium -spectrum in the endpoint region. The energy analysis of the decay electrons is achieved by a MAC-E filter spectrometer. To determine the transmission properties of the KATRIN main spectrometer, a mono-energetic and angular-selective electron source has been developed. In preparation for the second commissioning phase of the main spectrometer, a measurement phase was carried out at the KATRIN monitor spectrometer where the device was operated in a MAC-E filter setup for testing. The results of these measurements are compared with simulations using the particle-tracking software “Kassiopeia”, which was developed in the KATRIN collaboration over recent years."
"The k-essence theory with a power-law function of and Rastall’s non-conservative theory of gravity with a scalar field are shown to have the same solutions for the metric under the assumption that both the metric and the scalar fields depend on a single coordinate. This equivalence (called k–R duality) holds for static configurations with various symmetries (spherical, plane, cylindrical, etc.) and all homogeneous cosmologies. In the presence of matter, Rastall’s theory requires additional assumptions on how the stress-energy tensor non-conservation is distributed between different contributions. Two versions of such non-conservation are considered in the case of isotropic spatially flat cosmological models with a perfect fluid: one (R1) in which there is no coupling between the scalar field and the fluid, and another (R2) in which the fluid separately obeys the usual conservation law. In version R1 it is shown that k–R duality holds not only for the cosmological models themselves but also for their adiabatic perturbations. In version R2, among other results, a particular model is singled out that reproduces the same cosmological expansion history as the standard CDM model but predicts different behaviors of small fluctuations in the k-essence and Rastall frameworks."
"We show how a novel fine-tuning problem present in the Standard Model can be solved through the introduction of a flavour symmetry, together with three quarks, three quarks, as well as a complex singlet scalar. The symmetry is extended to the additional fields and it is an exact symmetry of the Lagrangian, only softly broken in the scalar potential, in order to avoid the domain-wall problem. Specific examples are given and a phenomenological analysis of the main features of the model is presented. It is shown that even for vector-like quarks with masses accessible at the LHC, one can have realistic quark masses and mixing, while respecting the strict constraints on processes arising from flavour changing neutral currents. The vector-like quark decay channels are also described."
"We provide a comprehensive analysis of the power of including top quark-polarisation information to kinematically challenging top pair resonance searches, for which ATLAS and CMS start losing sensitivity. Following the general modelling and analysis strategies pursued by the experiments, we analyse the semi-leptonic and the di-lepton channels and show that including polarisation information can lead to large improvements in the limit setting procedures with large data sets. This will allow us to set stronger limits for parameter choices where sensitivity from the invariant mass of the top pair is not sufficient. This highlights the importance of spin observables as part of a more comprehensive set of observables to gain sensitivity to BSM resonance searches."
"We classify singularities in FRW cosmologies, which dynamics can be reduced to the dynamical system of the Newtonian type. This classification is performed in terms of the geometry of a potential function if it has poles. At the sewn singularity, which is of a finite scale factor type, the singularity in the past meets the singularity in the future. We show that such singularities appear in the Starobinsky model in in the Palatini formalism, when dynamics is determined by the corresponding piecewise-smooth dynamical system. As an effect we obtain a degenerate singularity. Analytical calculations are given for the cosmological model with matter and the cosmological constant. The dynamics of model is also studied using dynamical system methods. From the phase portraits we find generic evolutionary scenarios of the evolution of the universe. For this model, the best fit value of is equal . We consider a model in both Jordan and Einstein frames. We show that after transition to the Einstein frame we obtain both the form of the potential of the scalar field and the decaying Lambda term."
"We present DsixTools, a Mathematica package for the handling of the dimension-six standard model effective field theory. Among other features, DsixTools allows the user to perform the full one-loop renormalization group evolution of the Wilson coefficients in the Warsaw basis. This is achieved thanks to the SMEFTrunner module, which implements the full one-loop anomalous dimension matrix previously derived in the literature. In addition, DsixTools also contains modules devoted to the matching to the and operators of the Weak Effective Theory at the electroweak scale, and their QCD and QED Renormalization group evolution below the electroweak scale."
"Electromagnetic field interactions in a dielectric medium represent a longstanding field of investigation, both at the classical level and at the quantum one. We propose a dimensional toy-model which consists of an half-line filling dielectric medium, with the aim to set up a simplified situation where technicalities related to gauge invariance and, as a consequence, physics of constrained systems are avoided, and still interesting features appear. In particular, we simulate the electromagnetic field and the polarization field by means of two coupled scalar fields , respectively, in a Hopfield-like model. We find that, in order to obtain a physically meaningful behavior for the model, one has to introduce spectral boundary conditions depending on the particle spectrum one is dealing with. This is the first interesting achievement of our analysis. The second relevant achievement is that, by introducing a nonlinear contribution in the polarization field , with the aim of mimicking a third order nonlinearity in a nonlinear dielectric, we obtain solitonic solutions in the Hopfield model framework, whose classical behavior is analyzed too."
"We investigate the criticality and the Maxwell equal area law for a five-dimensional spherically symmetric AdS black hole with a scalar hair in the absence of and in the presence of a Maxwell field, respectively. Especially in the charged case, we give the exact critical values. More importantly, we analyze the validity and invalidity of the Maxwell equal area law for the AdS hairy black hole in the scenarios without and with charges, respectively. Within the scope of validity of the Maxwell equal area law, we point out that there exists a representative van der Waals-type oscillation in the diagram. This oscillating part, which indicates the phase transition from a small black hole to a large one, can be replaced by an isobar. The small and large black holes have the same Gibbs free energy. We also give the distribution of the critical points in the parameter space both without and with charges, and we obtain for the uncharged case the fitting formula of the co-existence curve. Meanwhile, the latent heat is calculated, which gives the energy released or absorbed between the small and large black hole phases in the isothermal–isobaric procedure."
"We consider a &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt;-dimensional gravitational model with a Gauss–Bonnet term and the cosmological term . We restrict the metrics to diagonal cosmological ones and find for certain a class of solutions with exponential time dependence of three scale factors, governed by three non-coinciding Hubble-like parameters , and , corresponding to factor spaces of dimensions , and , respectively, with and . Any of these solutions describes an exponential expansion of 3&lt;i&gt;d&lt;i/&gt; subspace with Hubble parameter &lt;i&gt;H&lt;i/&gt; and zero variation of the effective gravitational constant &lt;i&gt;G&lt;i/&gt;. We prove the stability of these solutions in a class of cosmological solutions with diagonal metrics."
"Earlier we have computed a Lorentz violation (LV) bound for torsion terms via galactic dynamos and found bounds similar to the one obtained by Kostelecky et al. (Phys Rev Lett 100:111102, 2008) which is of the order of GeV. Their result was found making use of the axial torsion vector in terms of Dirac spinors and minimal torsion coupling in flat space-time of fermions. In this paper, a torsion dynamo equation obtained using the variation of the torsion trace and galaxy M51 data of 500 pc are used to place an upper bound of GeV in LV, which agrees with the one by Kostelecky and his group using an astrophysical framework background. Their lowest bound was obtained in earth laboratory using dual masers. One of the purposes of this paper is to apply the Faraday self-induction magnetic equation, recently extended to torsioned space-time, by the author to show that it lends support to physics in Riemann–Cartan space-time, in several distinct physical backgrounds. Backreaction magnetic effects are used to obtain the LV bounds. Previously Bamba et al. (JCAP 10:058, 2012) have used the torsion trace in their teleparallel investigation of the IGMF, with the argument that the torsion trace leads to less weaker effects than the other irreducible components of the torsion tensor. LV is computed in terms of a chiral-torsion-like current in the new dynamo equation analogous to the Dvornikov and Semikoz dynamo equation with chiral magnetic currents. Making use of the chiral-torsion dynamo equation we estimate the LV bounds in the early universe to be of the order of GeV, which was the order of the charged-lepton sector. Our main result is that it is possible to obtain more stringent bounds than the ones found in the fermion sector of astrophysics in the new revised 2017 data table for CPT and Lorentz violation by Kostelecky and Mewes. They found in several astrophysical backgrounds, orders of magnitude such as and GeV which are not so stringent as the one found here, of GeV, in the torsion fermionic sector with the help of galaxy M51 data. It is also shown that non-gauge invariance of chiral dynamos and axial anomalies are obtained from the noninvariance of the electric fields under torsion spatial translations."
"Achieving the highest precision for theoretical predictions at the LHC requires the calculation of hard-scattering cross sections that include perturbative QCD corrections up to (N)NNLO and electroweak (EW) corrections up to NLO. Parton distribution functions (PDFs) need to be provided with matching accuracy, which in the case of QED effects involves introducing the photon parton distribution of the proton, . In this work a determination of the photon PDF from fits to recent ATLAS measurements of high-mass Drell–Yan dilepton production at  TeV is presented. This analysis is based on the xFitter framework, and has required improvements both in the APFEL program, to account for NLO QED effects, and in the aMCfast interface to account for the photon-initiated contributions in the EW calculations within MadGraph5_aMC@NLO. The results are compared with other recent QED fits and determinations of the photon PDF, consistent results are found."
"We introduce a near-threshold parameterization that is more general than the effective-range expansion up to and including the effective range because it can also handle a near-threshold zero in the &lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt;-wave. In terms of it we analyze the CDF data on inclusive scattering to , and the Belle and BaBar data on &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt; decays to and around the threshold. It is shown that data can be reproduced with similar quality for &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(3872) being a bound and/or a virtual state. We also find that &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(3872) might be a higher-order virtual-state pole (double or triplet pole), in the limit in which the small width vanishes. Once the latter is restored the corrections to the pole position are non-analytic and much bigger than the width itself. The &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(3872) compositeness coefficient in ranges from nearly 0 up to 1 in the different scenarios."
"Invoked by the recent observation of &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4390) at BESIII, which is about 40 MeV below the threshold, we investigate possible bound and resonance states from the interaction with the one-boson-exchange model in a quasipotential Bethe–Salpeter equation approach. A bound state with quantum number is produced at 4384 MeV from the interaction, which can be related to experimentally observed &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4390). Another state with quantum number is also produced at  MeV from this interaction. Different from the state, the state is a resonance state above the threshold. This resonance state can be related to the first observed charged charmonium-like state &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt;(4430), which has a mass about 4475 MeV measured above the threshold as observed at Belle and LHCb. Our result suggests that &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4390) is an isoscalar partner of the &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt;(4430) as a hadronic-molecular state from the interaction."
"We analyze a simple extension of the standard model (SM) with a dark sector composed of a scalar and a fermion, both singlets under the SM gauge group but charged under a dark sector symmetry group. Sterile neutrinos, which are singlets under both groups, mediate the interactions between the dark sector and the SM particles, and generate masses for the active neutrinos via the seesaw mechanism. We explore the parameter space region where the observed Dark Matter relic abundance is determined by the annihilation into sterile neutrinos, both for fermion and scalar Dark Matter particles. The scalar Dark Matter case provides an interesting alternative to the usual Higgs portal scenario. We also study the constraints from direct Dark Matter searches and the prospects for indirect detection via sterile neutrino decays to leptons, which may be able to rule out Dark Matter masses below and around 100 GeV."
"Here we generalize ideas of unified dark matter–dark energy in the context of two measure theories and of dynamical space time theories. In two measure theories one uses metric independent volume elements and this allows one to construct unified dark matter–dark energy, where the cosmological constant appears as an integration constant associated with the equation of motion of the measure fields. The dynamical space-time theories generalize the two measure theories by introducing a vector field whose equation of motion guarantees the conservation of a certain Energy Momentum tensor, which may be related, but in general is not the same as the gravitational Energy Momentum tensor. We propose two formulations of this idea: (I) by demanding that this vector field be the gradient of a scalar, (II) by considering the dynamical space field appearing in another part of the action. Then the dynamical space time theory becomes a theory of Diffusive Unified dark energy and dark matter. These generalizations produce non-conserved energy momentum tensors instead of conserved energy momentum tensors which leads at the end to a formulation of interacting DE–DM dust models in the form of a diffusive type interacting Unified dark energy and dark matter scenario. We solved analytically the theories for perturbative solution and asymptotic solution, and we show that the CDM is a fixed point of these theories at large times. Also a preliminary argument as regards the good behavior of the theory at the quantum level is proposed for both theories."
"The masses and pole residues of the ground and first radially excited states with spin–parities , as well as &lt;i&gt;P&lt;i/&gt;-wave with are calculated by means of the two-point QCD sum rules. The strong decays of baryons are also studied and the widths of these decay channels are computed. The relevant computations are performed in the context of the full QCD sum rules on the light cone. The results obtained for the masses and widths are confronted with recent experimental data of the LHCb Collaboration, which allow us to interpret , , and as the excited &lt;i&gt;css&lt;i/&gt; baryons with the quantum numbers , , and , respectively. The state can be assigned either to the state or the excited baryon."
"In the coset model at levels , the higher spin 4 current that contains the quartic WZW currents contracted with a completely symmetric &lt;i&gt;SO&lt;i/&gt;(2&lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt;) invariant &lt;i&gt;d&lt;i/&gt; tensor of rank 4 is obtained. The three-point functions with two scalars are obtained for any finite &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt; and with . They are determined also in the large &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt; ’t Hooft limit. When one of the levels is the dual Coxeter number of &lt;i&gt;SO&lt;i/&gt;(2&lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt;), , the higher spin current, which contains the septic adjoint fermions contracted with the above &lt;i&gt;d&lt;i/&gt; tensor and the triple product of structure constants, is obtained from the operator product expansion (OPE) between the spin current living in the superconformal algebra and the above higher spin 4 current. The OPEs between the higher spin currents are described. For where both levels are equal to the dual Coxeter number of &lt;i&gt;SO&lt;i/&gt;(2&lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt;), the higher spin 3 current of &lt;i&gt;U&lt;i/&gt;(1) charge , which contains the six products of spin (two) adjoint fermions contracted with the product of the &lt;i&gt;d&lt;i/&gt; tensor and two structure constants, is obtained. The corresponding higher spin multiplet is determined by calculating the remaining higher spin currents with the help of two spin currents in the superconformal algebra. The other higher spin multiplet, whose &lt;i&gt;U&lt;i/&gt;(1) charge is opposite to the one of the above higher spin multiplet, is obtained. The OPE between these two higher spin multiplets is also discussed."
"Results of a search for physics beyond the Standard Model in events containing an energetic photon and large missing transverse momentum with the ATLAS detector at the Large Hadron Collider are reported. As the number of events observed in data, corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 36.1 fb  of proton–proton collisions at a centre-of-mass energy of , is in agreement with the Standard Model expectations, model-independent limits are set on the fiducial cross section for the production of events in this final state. Exclusion limits are also placed in models where dark-matter candidates are pair-produced. For dark-matter production via an axial-vector or a vector mediator in the &lt;i&gt;s&lt;i/&gt;-channel, this search excludes mediator masses below 750– for dark-matter candidate masses below 230– at 95% confidence level, depending on the couplings. In an effective theory of dark-matter production, the limits restrict the value of the suppression scale to be above at 95% confidence level. A limit is also reported on the production of a high-mass scalar resonance by processes beyond the Standard Model, in which the resonance decays to and the &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; boson subsequently decays into neutrinos."
"We present results on transverse momentum () and rapidity () differential production cross sections, mean transverse momentum and mean transverse momentum square of inclusive and at forward rapidity () as well as -to- cross section ratios. These quantities are measured in pp collisions at center of mass energies and 13 TeV with the ALICE detector. Both charmonium states are reconstructed in the dimuon decay channel, using the muon spectrometer. A comprehensive comparison to inclusive charmonium cross sections measured at , 7 and 8 TeV is performed. A comparison to non-relativistic quantum chromodynamics and fixed-order next-to-leading logarithm calculations, which describe prompt and non-prompt charmonium production respectively, is also presented. A good description of the data is obtained over the full range, provided that both contributions are summed. In particular, it is found that for  GeV/&lt;i&gt;c&lt;i/&gt; the non-prompt contribution reaches up to 50% of the total charmonium yield."
"In this paper, we will regularize the holographic entanglement entropy, holographic complexity and fidelity susceptibility for a configuration of D3-branes. We will also study the regularization of the holographic complexity from the action for a configuration of D3-branes. It will be demonstrated that for a spherical shell of D3-branes the regularized holographic complexity is always greater than or equal to the regularized fidelity susceptibility. Furthermore, we will also demonstrate that the regularized holographic complexity is related to the regularized holographic entanglement entropy for this system. Thus, we will obtain a holographic bound involving regularized holographic complexity, regularized holographic entanglement entropy and regularized fidelity susceptibility of a configuration of D3-brane. We will also discuss a bound for regularized holographic complexity from action, for a D3-brane configuration."
"We investigate the spacetime properties of BTZ black holes in the presence of the Maxwell field and Born–Infeld field and find rich properties in the spacetime structures when the model parameters are varied. Employing Landau–Lifshitz theory, we examine the thermodynamical phase transition in the charged BTZ black holes. We further study the dynamical perturbation in the background of the charged BTZ black holes and find different properties in the dynamics when the thermodynamical phase transition occurs."
"The transverse momentum distributions of the strange and double-strange hyperon resonances (, ) produced in p–Pb collisions at TeV were measured in the rapidity range for event classes corresponding to different charged-particle multiplicity densities, d/d. The mean transverse momentum values are presented as a function of d/d, as well as a function of the particle masses and compared with previous results on hyperon production. The integrated yield ratios of excited to ground-state hyperons are constant as a function of d/d. The equivalent ratios to pions exhibit an increase with d/d, depending on their strangeness content."
"In order to obtain the analytic expression of an amplitude from a generic CHY-integrand, a new algorithm based on the so-called cross-ratio identities has been proposed recently. In this paper, we apply this new approach to a variety of theories including the non-linear sigma model, special Galileon theory, pure Yang–Mills theory, pure gravity, Born–Infeld theory, Dirac–Born–Infeld theory and its extension, Yang–Mills-scalar theory, and Einstein–Maxwell and Einstein–Yang–Mills theory. CHY-integrands of these theories which contain higher-order poles can be calculated conveniently by using the cross-ratio identity method, and all results above have been verified numerically."
"We discuss the complete sets of the off-shell nilpotent (i.e. ) and absolutely anticommuting (i.e. ) Becchi–Rouet–Stora–Tyutin (BRST) and anti-BRST symmetries for the -dimensional (4D) gauge-invariant massive 2-form theory within the framework of an augmented superfield approach to the BRST formalism. In this formalism, we obtain the coupled (but equivalent) Lagrangian densities which respect both BRST and anti-BRST symmetries on the constrained hypersurface defined by the Curci–Ferrari type conditions. The absolute anticommutativity property of the (anti-) BRST transformations (and corresponding generators) is ensured by the existence of the Curci–Ferrari type conditions which emerge very naturally in this formalism. Furthermore, the gauge-invariant restriction plays a decisive role in deriving the &lt;i&gt;proper&lt;i/&gt; (anti-) BRST transformations for the Stückelberg-like vector field."
"We investigate constraints on Lorentz invariance violation in the neutrino sector from a joint analysis of big bang nucleosynthesis and the cosmic microwave background. The effect of Lorentz invariance violation during the epoch of big bang nucleosynthesis changes the predicted helium-4 abundance, which influences the power spectrum of the cosmic microwave background at the recombination epoch. In combination with the latest measurement of the primordial helium-4 abundance, the Planck 2015 data of the cosmic microwave background anisotropies give a strong constraint on the deformation parameter since adding the primordial helium measurement breaks the degeneracy between the deformation parameter and the physical dark matter density."
"We study the appearance of cracking in charged anisotropic cylindrical polytropes with generalized polytropic equation. We investigate the existence of cracking in two different kinds of polytropes existing in the literature through two different assumptions: (a) local density perturbation with conformally flat condition, and (b) perturbing polytropic index, charge and anisotropy parameters. We conclude that cracking appears in both kinds of polytropes for a specific range of density and model parameters."
"We derive an exact solution belonging to the Kundt class of spacetimes both with and without a cosmological constant that are minimally coupled to a free massless scalar field. We show the algebraic type of these solutions and give interpretation of the results. Subsequently, we look for solutions additionally containing an electromagnetic field satisfying nonlinear field equations."
"We construct a new relativistic viscous hydrodynamics code optimized in the Milne coordinates. We split the conservation equations into an ideal part and a viscous part, using the Strang spitting method. In the code a Riemann solver based on the two-shock approximation is utilized for the ideal part and the Piecewise Exact Solution (PES) method is applied for the viscous part. We check the validity of our numerical calculations by comparing analytical solutions, the viscous Bjorken’s flow and the Israel–Stewart theory in Gubser flow regime. Using the code, we discuss possible development of the Kelvin–Helmholtz instability in high-energy heavy-ion collisions."
"The study of the inclusive production of a pair of charged light hadrons (a “dihadron” system) featuring high transverse momenta and well separated in rapidity represents a clear channel for the test of the BFKL dynamics at the Large Hadron Collider (LHC). This process has much in common with the well-known Mueller–Navelet jet production; however, hadrons can be detected at much smaller values of the transverse momentum than jets, thus allowing to explore an additional kinematic range, supplementary to the one studied with Mueller–Navelet jets. Furthermore, it makes it possible to constrain not only the parton densities (PDFs) for the initial proton, but also the parton fragmentation functions (FFs) describing the detected hadron in the final state. Here, we present the first full NLA BFKL analysis for cross sections and azimuthal angle correlations for dihadrons produced in the LHC kinematic ranges. We make use of the Brodsky–Lapage–Mackenzie optimization method to set the values of the renormalization scale and study the effect of choosing different values for the factorization scale. We also gauge the uncertainty coming from the use of different PDF and FF parametrizations."
"The top–down type IIB holographic dual of large-&lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt; thermal QCD as constructed in Mia et al. (Nucl Phys B 839:187, 2010) involving a fluxed resolved warped deformed conifold, its delocalized type IIA Strominger–Yau–Zaslow-mirror (SYZ-mirror) as well as its M-theory uplift constructed in Dhuria and Misra (JHEP 1311:001, 2013) – both in the finite coupling ()/‘MQGP’ limit of Dhuria and Misra (JHEP 1311:001, 2013) – were shown explicitly to possess a local -structure in Sil and Misra (Nucl Phys B 910:754, 2016). Glueballs spectra in the &lt;i&gt;finite-gauge-coupling limit&lt;i/&gt; (and not just large ’t Hooft coupling limit) – a limit expected to be directly relevant to strongly coupled systems at finite temperature such as QGP (Natsuume in String theory and quark–gluon plasma, 2007) – has thus far been missing in the literature. In this paper, we fill this gap by calculating the masses of the (‘glueball’) states (which correspond to fluctuations in the dilaton or complexified two-forms or appropriate metric components) in the aforementioned backgrounds of &lt;i&gt;G&lt;i/&gt;-structure in the ‘MQGP’ limit of Dhuria and Misra (JHEP 1311:001, 2013). We use WKB quantization conditions on one hand and impose Neumann/Dirichlet boundary conditions at an IR cut-off (‘’)/horizon radius (‘’) on the solutions to the equations of motion on the other hand. We find that the former technique produces results closer to the lattice results. We also discuss the limits of all calculations. In this context we also calculate the glueball masses up to Next to Leading Order (NLO) in &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt; and find a -suppression similar to and further validating semi-universality of NLO corrections to transport coefficients, observed in Sil and Misra (Eur Phys J C 76(11):618, 2016)."
"The decay modes are dominated by electroweak penguins that are small in the standard model. In this work we investigate the contributions to these penguins from a model with an additional gauge symmetry and show there effects on the branching ratios of . In a scenario of the model, where couplings to the left-handed quarks vanish, we show that the maximum enhancement occurs in the branching ratio of where it can reach 6 times the SM prediction. On the other hand, in a scenario of the model where couplings to both left-handed and right-handed quarks do not vanish, we find that contributions can enhance the branching ratio of up to one order of magnitude comparing to the SM prediction for several sets of the parameter space where both and constraints are satisfied. This kind of enhancement occurs for a rather fine-tuned point where the constraint on is fulfilled by overcompensating the SM via ."
"The distributions of transverse momentum and longitudinal momentum fraction of charged particles in jets are measured in Pb+Pb and &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collisions with the ATLAS detector at the LHC. The distributions are measured as a function of jet transverse momentum and rapidity. The analysis utilises an integrated luminosity of 0.14 nb of Pb+Pb data and 4.0 pb of &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; data collected in 2011 and 2013, respectively, at the same centre-of-mass energy of 2.76 TeV per colliding nucleon pair. The distributions measured in &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collisions are used as a reference for those measured in Pb+Pb collisions in order to evaluate the impact on the internal structure of jets from the jet energy loss of fast partons propagating through the hot, dense medium created in heavy-ion collisions. Modest but significant centrality-dependent modifications of fragmentation functions in Pb+Pb collisions with respect to those in &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collisions are seen. No significant dependence of modifications on jet and rapidity selections is observed except for the fragments with the highest transverse momenta for which some reduction of yields is observed for more forward jets."
"Exclusive -meson electroproduction is studied by the HERMES experiment, using the 27.6 GeV longitudinally polarized electron/positron beam of HERA and a transversely polarized hydrogen target, in the kinematic region 1.0 GeV 7.0 GeV, 3.0 GeV 6.3 GeV, and 0.4 GeV. Using an unbinned maximum-likelihood method, 25 parameters are extracted. These determine the real and imaginary parts of the ratios of several helicity amplitudes describing -meson production by a virtual photon. The denominator of those ratios is the dominant amplitude, the nucleon-helicity-non-flip amplitude , which describes the production of a longitudinal -meson by a longitudinal virtual photon. The ratios of nucleon-helicity-non-flip amplitudes are found to be in good agreement with those from the previous HERMES analysis. The transverse target polarization allows for the first time the extraction of ratios of a number of nucleon-helicity-flip amplitudes to . Results obtained in a handbag approach based on generalized parton distributions taking into account the contribution from pion exchange are found to be in good agreement with these ratios. Within the model, the data favor a positive sign for the transition form factor. By also exploiting the longitudinal beam polarization, a total of 71 spin-density matrix elements is determined from the extracted 25 parameters, in contrast to only 53 elements as directly determined in earlier analyses."
"Motivated by recent results by the ATLAS and CMS collaborations on the angular distribution of the decay, we perform a state-of-the-art analysis of rare &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt; meson decays based on the transition. Using standard estimates of hadronic uncertainties, we confirm the presence of a sizeable discrepancy between data and SM predictions. We do not find evidence for a or helicity dependence of the discrepancy. The data can be consistently described by new physics in the form of a four-fermion contact interaction . Assuming that the new physics affects decays with muons but not with electrons, we make predictions for a variety of theoretically clean observables sensitive to violation of lepton flavour universality."
"We discuss the renormalization properties of the full set of operators involved in BSM processes, including the definition of RGI versions of operators that exhibit mixing under RG transformations. As a first step for a fully non-perturbative determination of the scale-dependent renormalization factors and their runnings, we introduce a family of appropriate Schrödinger Functional schemes, and study them in perturbation theory. This allows, in particular, to determine the NLO anomalous dimensions of all operators in these schemes. Finally, we discuss the systematic uncertainties related to the use of NLO perturbation theory for the RG running of four-quark operators to scales in the GeV range, in both our SF schemes and standard and RI-MOM schemes. Large truncation effects are found for some of the operators considered."
"We reevaluate the necessity of gauge bosons being kinematically accessible to test the left–right symmetric model (LRSM) at hadron colliders. In the limit that are too heavy, resonant production of sub-TeV Majorana neutrinos &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt; can still proceed at the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) via the process if mediated by a far off-shell . Traditional searches strategies are insensitive to this regime as they rely on momenta of final states scaling with TeV-scale . For such situations, the process is actually kinematically and topologically identical to the direct production (DP) process . In this context, we reinterpret TeV LHC constraints on DP rates for the minimal LRSM. For 200–500 GeV and right–left coupling ratio , we find 1.1–1.8 TeV at 95% CLs. Expected sensitivities to DP at 14 (100) TeV are also recast: with  ab, one can probe 7.9–8.9 (14–40) TeV for 100–700 (1200) GeV, well beyond the anticipated sensitivity of resonant searches. Findings in terms of gauge invariant dimension-six operators with heavy &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt; are also reported."
"The purpose of this paper is to study the transport equation and its coupling with the Maxwell equation in the framework of gravity. Using Müller–Israel–Stewart theory for the conduction of dissipative fluids, we analyze the temperature, heat flux, viscosity and thermal conductivity in the scenario of relaxation time. All these thermodynamical variables appear in the form of a single factor whose influence is discussed on the evolution of relativistic model for the heat conducting collapsing star."
NaN
"The aim of this paper is to examine the tidal forces occurring in a Kiselev black hole surrounded by radiation and dust fluids. It is noted that the radial and angular components of the tidal force change the sign between event and Cauchy horizons. We solve the geodesic deviation equation for radially free-falling bodies toward Kiselev black holes. We explain the geodesic deviation vector graphically and point out the location of the event and Cauchy horizons for specific values of the radiation and dust parameters."
"A light stop around the weak scale is a hopeful messenger of natural supersymmetry (SUSY), but it has not shown up at the current stage of LHC. Such a situation raises the question of the fate of natural SUSY. Actually, a relatively light stop can easily be hidden in a compressed spectra such as mild mass degeneracy between stop and neutralino plus top quark. Searching for such a stop at the LHC is a challenge. On the other hand, in terms of the argument of natural SUSY, other members in the stop sector, including a heavier stop and lighter sbottom (both assumed to be left-handed-like), are also supposed to be relatively light and therefore searching for them would provide an alternative method to probe natural SUSY with a compressed spectra. In this paper we consider quasi-natural SUSY which tolerates relatively heavy colored partners near the TeV scale, with a moderately large mass gap between the heavier members and the lightest stop. Then &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; / &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; / &lt;i&gt;h&lt;i/&gt; as companions of and decaying into generically are well boosted, and they, along with other visible particles from decay, are a good probe to study compressed SUSY. We find that the resulting search strategy with boosted bosons can have better sensitivity than those utilizing multi-leptons."
"The investigation of the rôle of finite groups in flavor physics and, particularly, in the interpretation of the neutrino data has been the subject of intensive research. Motivated by this fact, in this work we derive the three-dimensional unitary representations of the projective linear group . Based on the observation that the generators of the group exhibit a Latin square pattern, we use available computational packages on discrete algebra to determine the generic properties of the group elements. We present analytical expressions and discuss several examples which reproduce the neutrino mixing angles in accordance with the experimental data."
"Based on the effective field theory (EFT) of cosmological perturbations, we explicitly clarify the pathology in nonsingular cubic Galileon models and show how to cure it in EFT with new insights into this issue. With the least set of EFT operators that are capable to avoid instabilities in nonsingular cosmologies, we construct a nonsingular model dubbed the Genesis-inflation model, in which a slowly expanding phase (namely, Genesis) with increasing energy density is followed by slow-roll inflation. The spectrum of the primordial perturbation may be simulated numerically, which shows itself a large-scale cutoff, as the large-scale anomalies in CMB might be a hint for."
"On the space of generic conformal blocks the modular transformation of the underlying surface is realized as a linear integral transformation. We show that the analytic properties of conformal block implied by Zamolodchikov’s formula are shared by the kernel of the modular transformation and illustrate this by explicit computation in the case of the one-point toric conformal block."
"High-precision measurements by the ATLAS Collaboration are presented of inclusive , and () Drell–Yan production cross sections at the LHC. The data were collected in proton–proton collisions at with an integrated luminosity of . Differential and cross sections are measured in a lepton pseudorapidity range . Differential cross sections are measured as a function of the absolute dilepton rapidity, for , for three intervals of dilepton mass, , extending from 46 to . The integrated and differential electron- and muon-channel cross sections are combined and compared to theoretical predictions using recent sets of parton distribution functions. The data, together with the final inclusive scattering cross-section data from H1 and ZEUS, are interpreted in a next-to-next-to-leading-order QCD analysis, and a new set of parton distribution functions, ATLAS-epWZ16, is obtained. The ratio of strange-to-light sea-quark densities in the proton is determined more accurately than in previous determinations based on collider data only, and is established to be close to unity in the sensitivity range of the data. A new measurement of the CKM matrix element is also provided."
"We analyze the Higgs-boson masses and mixing matrices in the NMSSM based on an on-shell (OS) renormalization of the gauge-boson and Higgs-boson masses and the parameters of the top/scalar top sector. We compare the implementation of the OS calculations in the codes NMSSMCALC and NMSSM-FeynHiggs up to . We identify the sources of discrepancies at the one- and at the two-loop level. Finally we compare the OS and evaluation as implemented in NMSSMCALC. The results are important ingredients for an estimate of the theoretical precision of Higgs-boson mass calculations in the NMSSM."
"In this work, we utilize the quasinormal modes (QNMs) of a massless scalar perturbation to probe the Van der Waals-like small and large black holes (SBH/LBH) phase transition of charged topological Anti-de Sitter (AdS) black holes in four-dimensional massive gravity. We find that the signature of this SBH/LBH phase transition is detected in the isobaric as well as in the isothermal process. This further supports the idea that the QNMs can be an efficient tool to investigate the thermodynamical phase transition."
"It has already been shown that the gravitational waves emitted from a Schwarzschild black hole in &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity have no signatures of the modification of gravity from General Relativity, as the Regge–Wheeler equation remains invariant. In this paper we consider the perturbations of Ricci scalar in a vacuum Schwarzschild spacetime, which is unique to higher order theories of gravity and is absent in General Relativity. We show that the equation that governs these perturbations can be reduced to a Volterra integral equation. We explicitly calculate the reflection coefficients for the Ricci scalar perturbations, when they are scattered by the black hole potential barrier. Our analysis shows that a larger fraction of these Ricci scalar waves are reflected compared to the gravitational waves. This may provide a novel observational signature for fourth order gravity."
"This paper explores the dynamics of both neutral and charged particles orbiting near a rotating black hole in scalar–tensor–vector gravity. We study the conditions for the particle to escape at the innermost stable circular orbit. We investigate the stability of orbits through the effective potential and Lyapunov exponent in the presence of a magnetic field. The effective force acting on particle is also discussed. We also study the center of mass energy of particle collision near the horizon of this black hole. Finally, we compare our results with the particle motion around Schwarzschild, Kerr and Schwarzschild-MOG black holes. It is concluded that the external magnetic field, spin parameter and dimensionless parameter of the theory have strong effects on the particle dynamics in modified gravity."
"Positive energy ray representations of the Poincaré group are naturally subdivided into three classes according to their mass and spin content: finite helicity and infinite spin. For a long time the localization properties of the massless infinite spin class remained unknown, until it became clear that such matter does not permit compact spacetime localization and its generating covariant fields are localized on semi-infinite space-like strings. Using a new perturbation theory for higher spin fields we present arguments which support the idea that infinite spin matter cannot interact with normal matter and we formulate conditions under which this also could happen for finite spin fields. This raises the question of a possible connection between inert matter and dark matter."
"Measurements of the production cross section of a boson in association with jets in proton–proton collisions at  TeV are presented, using data corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 3.16 fb collected by the ATLAS experiment at the CERN Large Hadron Collider in 2015. Inclusive and differential cross sections are measured for events containing a boson decaying to electrons or muons and produced in association with up to seven jets with  GeV and . Predictions from different Monte Carlo generators based on leading-order and next-to-leading-order matrix elements for up to two additional partons interfaced with parton shower and fixed-order predictions at next-to-leading order and next-to-next-to-leading order are compared with the measured cross sections. Good agreement within the uncertainties is observed for most of the modelled quantities, in particular with the generators which use next-to-leading-order matrix elements and the more recent next-to-next-to-leading-order fixed-order predictions."
"In the present paper we develop an algorithm for all spherically symmetric anisotropic charged fluid distributions. Considering a new source function we find a set of solutions which is physically well behaved and represents compact stellar models. A detailed study specifically shows that the models actually correspond to strange stars in terms of their mass and radius. In this connection we investigate several physical properties like energy conditions, stability, mass–radius ratio, electric charge content, anisotropic nature and surface redshift through graphical plots and mathematical calculations. All the features from these studies are in excellent agreement with the already available evidence in theory as well as observations."
"The aim of this paper is to investigate the stable/unstable regimes of the non-static anisotropic filamentary stellar models in the framework of gravity. We construct the field equations and conservation laws in the perspective of this model of gravity. The perturbation scheme is applied to the analysis of the behavior of a particular cosmological model on the evolution of cylindrical system. The role of the adiabatic index is also checked in the formulations of the instability regions. We have explored the instability constraints in the Newtonian and post-Newtonian limits. Our results reinforce the significance of the adiabatic index and dark source terms in the stability analysis of celestial objects in modified gravity."
"We describe the purification of xenon from traces of the radioactive noble gas radon using a cryogenic distillation column. The distillation column was integrated into the gas purification loop of the XENON100 detector for online radon removal. This enabled us to significantly reduce the constant Rn background originating from radon emanation. After inserting an auxiliary Rn emanation source in the gas loop, we determined a radon reduction factor of (95% C.L.) for the distillation column by monitoring the Rn activity concentration inside the XENON100 detector."
"We study cosmology with running dark energy. The energy density of dark energy is obtained from the quantum process of transition from the false vacuum state to the true vacuum state. We use the Breit–Wigner energy distribution function to model the quantum unstable systems and obtain the energy density of the dark energy parametrization . We also use Krauss and Dent’s idea linking properties of the quantum mechanical decay of unstable states with the properties of the observed Universe. In the cosmological model with this parametrization there is an energy transfer between dark matter and dark energy. The intensity of this process, measured by a parameter , distinguishes two scenarios. As the Universe starts from the false vacuum state, for the small value of () it goes through an intermediate oscillatory (quantum) regime of the density of dark energy, while for the density of the dark energy jumps down. In both cases the present value of the density of dark energy is reached. From a statistical analysis we find this model to be in good agreement with the astronomical data and practically indistinguishable from the CDM model."
"Radiatively-driven natural SUSY (RNS) models enjoy electroweak naturalness at the 10% level while respecting LHC sparticle and Higgs mass constraints. Gluino and top-squark masses can range up to several TeV (with other squarks even heavier) but a set of light Higgsinos are required with mass not too far above  GeV. Within the RNS framework, gluinos dominantly decay via or , where the decay products of the higgsino-like and are very soft. Gluino pair production is, therefore, signaled by events with up to four hard &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-jets and large . We devise a set of cuts to isolate a relatively pure gluino sample at the (high-luminosity) LHC and show that in the RNS model with very heavy squarks, the gluino signal will be accessible for  GeV for an integrated luminosity of 300 (3000) fb. We also show that the measurement of the rate of gluino events in the clean sample mentioned above allows for a determination of with a statistical precision of 2–5% (depending on the integrated luminosity and the gluino mass) over the range of gluino masses where a 5 discovery is possible at the LHC."
"Within the effective QCD action for the Regge kinematics, the amplitudes for virtual gluon emission are studied in collision of a projectile with two and three targets. It is demonstrated that all non-Feynman singularities cancel between induced vertices and rescattering contributions. Formulas simplify considerably in a special gauge, which is a straightforward generalization of the light-cone gauge for emission of real gluons."
"A representation of the two-loop contribution to the pion decay constant in &lt;i&gt;SU&lt;i/&gt;(3) chiral perturbation theory is presented. The result is analytic up to the contribution of the three (different) mass sunset integrals, for which an expansion in their external momentum has been taken. We also give an analytic expression for the two-loop contribution to the pion mass based on a renormalized representation and in terms of the physical eta mass. We find an expansion of and in the strange-quark mass in the isospin limit, and we perform the matching of the chiral &lt;i&gt;SU&lt;i/&gt;(2) and &lt;i&gt;SU&lt;i/&gt;(3) low-energy constants. A numerical analysis demonstrates the high accuracy of our representation, and the strong dependence of the pion decay constant upon the values of the low-energy constants, especially in the chiral limit. Finally, we present a simplified representation that is particularly suitable for fitting with available lattice data."
"In this paper the &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) global monopole is reexamined. We provide an exact solution for the modified field equations in the presence of a global monopole for regions outside its core, generalizing previous results. Additionally, we discuss some particular cases obtained from this solution. We consider a setup consisting of a possible Schwarzschild black hole that absorbs the topological defect, giving rise to a static black hole endowed with a monopole’s charge. Besides, we demonstrate how the asymptotic behavior of the Higgs field far from the monopole’s core is shaped by a class of spacetime metrics which includes the ones analyzed here. In order to assess the gravitational properties of this system, we analyze the geodesic motion of both massive and massless test particles moving in the vicinity of such configuration. For the material particles we set the requirements they have to obey in order to experience stable orbits. On the other hand, for the photons we investigate how their trajectories are affected by the gravitational field of this black hole."
"The present work is based on a parametric reconstruction of the deceleration parameter &lt;i&gt;q&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;) in a model for the spatially flat FRW universe filled with dark energy and non-relativistic matter. In cosmology, the parametric reconstruction technique deals with an attempt to build up a model by choosing some specific evolution scenario for a cosmological parameter and then estimate the values of the parameters with the help of different observational datasets. In this paper, we have proposed a logarithmic parametrization of &lt;i&gt;q&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;) to probe the evolution history of the universe. Using the type Ia supernova, baryon acoustic oscillation and the cosmic microwave background datasets, the constraints on the arbitrary model parameters and are obtained (within and confidence limits) by -minimization technique. We have then reconstructed the deceleration parameter, the total EoS parameter , the jerk parameter and have compared the reconstructed results of &lt;i&gt;q&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;) with other well-known parametrizations of &lt;i&gt;q&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;). We have also shown that two model selection criteria (namely, the Akaike information criterion and Bayesian information criterion) provide a clear indication that our reconstructed model is well consistent with other popular models."
"In the present work we study the scale dependence at the level of the effective action of charged black holes in Einstein–Maxwell as well as in Einstein–power-Maxwell theories in -dimensional spacetimes without a cosmological constant. We allow for scale dependence of the gravitational and electromagnetic couplings, and we solve the corresponding generalized field equations imposing the null energy condition. Certain properties, such as horizon structure and thermodynamics, are discussed in detail."
"Some important spacetimes are conformally flat; examples are the Robertson–Walker cosmological metric, the Einstein–de Sitter spacetime, and the Levi-Civita–Bertotti–Robinson and Mannheim metrics. In this paper we construct generic thin shells in conformally flat spacetime supported by a perfect fluid with a linear equation of state, i.e., It is shown that, for the physical domain of , i.e., , such thin shells are not dynamically stable. The stability of the timelike thin shells with the Mannheim spacetime as the outer region is also investigated."
"This publication presents the combination of the one-loop matrix-element generator Recola with the multipurpose Monte Carlo program Sherpa. Since both programs are highly automated, the resulting Sherpa +Recola framework allows for the computation of – in principle – any Standard Model process at both NLO QCD and EW accuracy. To illustrate this, three representative LHC processes have been computed at NLO QCD and EW: vector-boson production in association with jets, off-shell -boson pair production, and the production of a top-quark pair in association with a Higgs boson. In addition to fixed-order computations, when considering QCD corrections, all functionalities of Sherpa, i.e. particle decays, QCD parton showers, hadronisation, underlying events, etc. can be used in combination with Recola. This is demonstrated by the merging and matching of one-loop QCD matrix elements for Drell–Yan production in association with jets to the parton shower. The implementation is fully automatised, thus making it a perfect tool for both experimentalists and theorists who want to use state-of-the-art predictions at NLO accuracy."
"We use a functional renormalization group equation tailored to the Arnowitt–Deser–Misner formulation of gravity to study the scale dependence of Newton’s coupling and the cosmological constant on a background spacetime with topology . The resulting beta functions possess a non-trivial renormalization group fixed point, which may provide the high-energy completion of the theory through the asymptotic safety mechanism. The fixed point is robust with respect to changing the parametrization of the metric fluctuations and regulator scheme. The phase diagrams show that this fixed point is connected to a classical regime through a crossover. In addition the flow may exhibit a regime of “gravitational instability”, modifying the theory in the deep infrared. Our work complements earlier studies of the gravitational renormalization group flow on a background topology (Biemans et al. Phys Rev D 95:086013, 2017, Biemans et al. arXiv:1702.06539, 2017) and establishes that the flow is essentially independent of the background topology."
"The reconstruction of the signal from hadrons and jets emerging from the proton–proton collisions at the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) and entering the ATLAS calorimeters is based on a three-dimensional topological clustering of individual calorimeter cell signals. The cluster formation follows cell signal-significance patterns generated by electromagnetic and hadronic showers. In this, the clustering algorithm implicitly performs a topological noise suppression by removing cells with insignificant signals which are not in close proximity to cells with significant signals. The resulting &lt;i&gt;topological cell clusters&lt;i/&gt; have shape and location information, which is exploited to apply a local energy calibration and corrections depending on the nature of the cluster. Topological cell clustering is established as a well-performing calorimeter signal definition for jet and missing transverse momentum reconstruction in ATLAS."
"We present a dispersive analysis of the decay amplitude for that is based on the fundamental principles of analyticity and unitarity. In this framework, final-state interactions are fully taken into account. Our dispersive representation relies only on input for the and scattering phase shifts. Isospin symmetry allows us to describe both the charged and neutral decay channel in terms of the same function. The dispersion relation contains subtraction constants that cannot be fixed by unitarity. We determine these parameters by a fit to Dalitz-plot data from the VES and BES-III experiments. We study the prediction of a low-energy theorem and compare the dispersive fit to variants of chiral perturbation theory."
"We provide a comprehensive comparison of vector boson production data in pPb and PbPb collisions at the LHC with predictions obtained using the nCTEQ15 PDFs. We identify the measurements which have the largest potential impact on the PDFs, and estimate the effect of including these data using a Bayesian reweighting method. We find this data set can provide information as regards both the nuclear corrections and the heavy flavor (strange quark) PDF components. As for the proton, the parton flavor determination/separation is dependent on nuclear corrections (from heavy target DIS, for example), this information can also help improve the proton PDFs."
"A systematic study of the spinor representation by means of the fermionic physical space is accomplished and implemented. The spinor representation space is shown to be constrained by the Fierz–Pauli–Kofink identities among the spinor bilinear covariants. A robust geometric and topological structure can be manifested from the spinor space, wherein the first and second homotopy groups play prominent roles on the underlying physical properties, associated to fermionic fields. The mapping that changes spinor fields classes is then exemplified, in an Einstein–Dirac system that provides the spacetime generated by a fermion."
"We analyze the dynamics of a Bianchi I cosmology in the presence of a viscous fluid, causally regularized according to the Lichnerowicz approach. We show how the effect induced by shear viscosity is still able to produce a matter creation phenomenon, meaning that also in the regularized theory we address, the Universe is emerging from a singularity with a vanishing energy density value. We discuss the structure of the singularity in the isotropic limit, when bulk viscosity is the only retained contribution. We see that, as far as viscosity is not a dominant effect, the dynamics of the isotropic Universe possesses the usual non-viscous power-law behaviour but in correspondence to an effective equation of state, depending on the bulk viscosity coefficient. Finally, we show that, in the limit of a strong non-thermodynamical equilibrium of the Universe mimicked by a dominant contribution of the effective viscous pressure, a power-law inflation behaviour of the Universe appears, the cosmological horizons are removed and a significant amount of entropy is produced."
"It is shown that the Nachtmann boosting method of introducing coordinates on de Sitter manifolds can be completed with suitable gauge transformations able to keep under control the transformation under isometries of the conserved quantities. With this method, the rest local charts (or natural frames) are defined pointing out the role of the conserved quantities in investigating the relative geodesic motion. The advantages of this approach can be seen from the applications presented here. For the first time, the simple kinematic effects, the electromagnetic field of a free falling charge and the binary fission are solved in terms of conserved quantities on the expanding portion of the de Sitter spacetime."
"Thermal corrections in classically conformal models typically induce a strong first-order electroweak phase transition, thereby resulting in a stochastic gravitational background that could be detectable at gravitational wave observatories. After reviewing the basics of classically conformal scenarios, in this paper we investigate the phase transition dynamics in a thermal environment and the related gravitational wave phenomenology within the framework of scalar conformal extensions of the Standard Model. We find that minimal extensions involving only one additional scalar field struggle to reproduce the correct phase transition dynamics once thermal corrections are accounted for. Next-to-minimal models, instead, yield the desired electroweak symmetry breaking and typically result in a very strong gravitational wave signal."
"A refined equation for channeling particle diffusion in transverse energy taking into consideration large-angle scattering by nuclei is suggested. This equation is reduced to the Sturm–Liouville problem, allowing one to reveal both the origin and the limitations of the dechanneling length notion. The values of the latter are evaluated for both positively and negatively charged particles of various energies. New features of the dechanneling dynamics of positively charged particles are also revealed. First, it is demonstrated that the dechanneling length notion is completely inapplicable for their nuclear dechanneling process. Second, the effective electron dechanneling length of positively charged particle varies more than twice converging to a constant asymptotic value only at the depth exceeding the latter."
"We investigate the spin interaction and the gravitational radiation thermally allowed in a head-on collision of two rotating Hayward black holes. The Hayward black hole is a regular black hole in a modified Einstein equation, and hence it can be an appropriate model to describe the extent to which the regularity effect in the near-horizon region affects the interaction and the radiation. If one black hole is assumed to be considerably smaller than the other, the potential of the spin interaction can be analytically obtained and is dependent on the alignment of angular momenta of the black holes. For the collision of massive black holes, the gravitational radiation is numerically obtained as the upper bound by using the laws of thermodynamics. The effect of the Hayward black hole tends to increase the radiation energy, but we can limit the effect by comparing the radiation energy with the gravitational waves GW150914 and GW151226."
"The production of pairs of Higgs bosons at hadron colliders provides unique information on the Higgs sector and on the mechanism underlying electroweak symmetry breaking (EWSB). Most studies have concentrated on the gluon-fusion production mode which has the largest cross section. However, despite its small production rate, the vector-boson fusion channel can also be relevant since even small modifications of the Higgs couplings to vector bosons induce a striking increase of the cross section as a function of the invariant mass of the Higgs boson pair. In this work we exploit this unique signature to propose a strategy to extract the &lt;i&gt;hhVV&lt;i/&gt; quartic coupling and provide model-independent constraints on theories where EWSB is driven by new strong interactions. We take advantage of the higher signal yield of the final state and make extensive use of jet-substructure techniques to reconstruct signal events with a boosted topology, characteristic of large partonic energies, where each Higgs boson decays to a single collimated jet. Our results demonstrate that the &lt;i&gt;hhVV&lt;i/&gt; coupling can be measured with 45% (20%) precision at the LHC for (3000) fb, while a 1% precision can be achieved at a 100 TeV collider."
"&lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity is an extended theory of gravity in which the gravitational action contains general terms of both the Ricci scalar &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt; and the trace of the energy-momentum tensor &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;. In this way, &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) models are capable of describing a non-minimal coupling between geometry (through terms in &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) and matter (through terms in &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;). In this article we construct a cosmological model from the simplest non-minimal matter–geometry coupling within the &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity formalism, by means of an effective energy-momentum tensor, given by the sum of the usual matter energy-momentum tensor with a dark energy contribution, with the latter coming from the matter–geometry coupling terms. We apply the energy conditions to our solutions in order to obtain a range of values for the free parameters of the model which yield a healthy and well-behaved scenario. For some values of the free parameters which are submissive to the energy conditions application, it is possible to predict a transition from a decelerated period of the expansion of the universe to a period of acceleration (dark energy era). We also propose further applications of this particular case of the &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) formalism in order to check its reliability in other fields, rather than cosmology."
"Both scalar fields and (generalized) Chaplygin gases have been widely used separately to characterize the dark sector of the universe. Here we investigate the cosmological background dynamics for a mixture of both these components and quantify the fractional abundances that are admitted by observational data from supernovae of type Ia and from the evolution of the Hubble rate. Moreover, we study how the growth rate of (baryonic) matter perturbations is affected by the dark-sector perturbations."
"The electromagnetic field correlators are evaluated around a cosmic string in background of -dimensional dS spacetime assuming that the field is prepared in the Bunch–Davies vacuum state. The correlators are presented in the decomposed form where the string-induced topological parts are explicitly extracted. With this decomposition, the renormalization of the local vacuum expectation values (VEVs) in the coincidence limit is reduced to the one for dS spacetime in the absence of the cosmic string. The VEVs of the squared electric and magnetic fields, and of the vacuum energy density are investigated. Near the string they are dominated by the topological contributions and the effects induced by the background gravitational field are small. In this region, the leading terms in the topological contributions are obtained from the corresponding VEVs for a string on the Minkowski bulk multiplying by the conformal factor. At distances from the string larger than the curvature radius of the background geometry, the pure dS parts in the VEVs dominate. In this region, for spatial dimensions , the influence of the gravitational field on the topological contributions is crucial and the corresponding behavior is essentially different from that for a cosmic string on the Minkowski bulk. There are well-motivated inflationary models which produce cosmic strings. We argue that, as a consequence of the quantum-to-classical transition of super-Hubble electromagnetic fluctuations during inflation, in the post-inflationary era these strings will be surrounded by large-scale stochastic magnetic fields. These fields could be among the distinctive features of the cosmic strings produced during the inflation and also of the corresponding inflationary models."
"Starting with conformally covariant correlation functions, a sequence of functional representations of the conformal algebra is constructed. A key step is the introduction of representations which involve an auxiliary functional. It is observed that these functionals are not arbitrary but rather must satisfy a pair of consistency equations corresponding to dilatation and special conformal invariance. In a particular representation, the former corresponds to the canonical form of the exact renormalization group equation specialized to a fixed point whereas the latter is new. This provides a concrete understanding of how conformal invariance is realized as a property of the Wilsonian effective action and the relationship to action-free formulations of conformal field theory. Subsequently, it is argued that the conformal Ward Identities serve to define a particular representation of the energy-momentum tensor. Consistency of this construction implies Polchinski’s conditions for improving the energy-momentum tensor of a conformal field theory such that it is traceless. In the Wilsonian approach, the exactly marginal, redundant field which generates lines of physically equivalent fixed points is identified as the trace of the energy-momentum tensor."
"We present covariant quantization rules for nonsingular finite-dimensional classical theories with flat and curved configuration spaces. In the beginning, we construct a family of covariant quantizations in flat spaces and Cartesian coordinates. This family is parametrized by a function , , which describes an ambiguity of the quantization. We generalize this construction presenting covariant quantizations of theories with flat configuration spaces but already with arbitrary curvilinear coordinates. Then we construct a so-called minimal family of covariant quantizations for theories with curved configuration spaces. This family of quantizations is parametrized by the same function Finally, we describe a more wide family of covariant quantizations in curved spaces. This family is already parametrized by two functions, the previous one and by an additional function . The above mentioned minimal family is a part at of the wide family of quantizations. We study constructed quantizations in detail, proving their consistency and covariance. As a physical application, we consider a quantization of a non-relativistic particle moving in a curved space, discussing the problem of a quantum potential. Applying the covariant quantizations in flat spaces to an old problem of constructing quantum Hamiltonian in polar coordinates, we directly obtain a correct result."
"The Compact Linear Collider (CLIC) is an option for a future collider operating at centre-of-mass energies up to , providing sensitivity to a wide range of new physics phenomena and precision physics measurements at the energy frontier. This paper is the first comprehensive presentation of the Higgs physics reach of CLIC operating at three energy stages: , 1.4 and . The initial stage of operation allows the study of Higgs boson production in Higgsstrahlung () and -fusion (), resulting in precise measurements of the production cross sections, the Higgs total decay width , and model-independent determinations of the Higgs couplings. Operation at provides high-statistics samples of Higgs bosons produced through -fusion, enabling tight constraints on the Higgs boson couplings. Studies of the rarer processes and allow measurements of the top Yukawa coupling and the Higgs boson self-coupling. This paper presents detailed studies of the precision achievable with Higgs measurements at CLIC and describes the interpretation of these measurements in a global fit."
"Measurements of the electroweak production of a &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; boson in association with two jets at high dijet invariant mass are performed using 7 and 8  proton–proton collision data produced by the Large Hadron Collider, corresponding respectively to 4.7 and 20.2 fb of integrated luminosity collected by the ATLAS detector. The measurements are sensitive to the production of a &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; boson via a triple-gauge-boson vertex and include both the fiducial and differential cross sections of the electroweak process."
"In this paper we construct the ambitwistor superstring in the Green–Schwarz formulation. The model is obtained from the related pure spinor version. We show that the spectrum contains only ten-dimensional supergravity and that kappa symmetry in a curved background implies some of the standard constraints."
"This study is conducted to examine the validity of the generalized second law of thermodynamics (GSLT) in flat FRW for modified teleparallel gravity involving coupling between a scalar field with the torsion scalar &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt; and the boundary term . This theory is very useful, since it can reproduce other important well-known scalar field theories in suitable limits. The validity of the first and second law of thermodynamics at the apparent horizon is discussed for any coupling. As examples, we have also explored the validity of those thermodynamics laws in some new cosmological solutions under the theory. Additionally, we have also considered the logarithmic entropy corrected relation and discuss the GSLT at the apparent horizon."
"We give an introduction to several regularization schemes that deal with ultraviolet and infrared singularities appearing in higher-order computations in quantum field theories. Comparing the computation of simple quantities in the various schemes, we point out similarities and differences between them."
"Quantum field theories at finite matter densities generically possess a partition function that is exponentially suppressed with the volume compared to that of the phase quenched analog. The smallness arises from an almost uniform distribution for the phase of the fermion determinant. Large cancellations upon integration is the origin of a poor signal to noise ratio. We study three alternatives for this integration: the Gaussian approximation, the “telegraphic” approximation, and a novel expansion in terms of theory-dependent moments and universal coefficients. We have tested the methods for QCD at finite densities of heavy quarks. We find that for two of the approximations the results are extremely close—if not identical—to the full answer in the strong sign-problem regime."
"In this work, we have developed an elegant algorithm to study the cosmological consequences from a huge class of quantum field theories (i.e. superstring theory, supergravity, extra dimensional theory, modified gravity, etc.), which are equivalently described by soft attractors in the effective field theory framework. In this description we have restricted our analysis for two scalar fields – dilaton and Higgsotic fields minimally coupled with Einstein gravity, which can be generalized for any arbitrary number of scalar field contents with generalized non-canonical and non-minimal interactions. We have explicitly used gravity, from which we have studied the attractor and non-attractor phases by exactly computing two point, three point and four point correlation functions from scalar fluctuations using the In-In (Schwinger–Keldysh) and the formalisms. We have also presented theoretical bounds on the amplitude, tilt and running of the primordial power spectrum, various shapes (equilateral, squeezed, folded kite or counter-collinear) of the amplitude as obtained from three and four point scalar functions, which are consistent with observed data. Also the results from two point tensor fluctuations and the field excursion formula are explicitly presented for the attractor and non-attractor phase. Further, reheating constraints, scale dependent behavior of the couplings and the dynamical solution for the dilaton and Higgsotic fields are also presented. New sets of consistency relations between two, three and four point observables are also presented, which shows significant deviation from canonical slow-roll models. Additionally, three possible theoretical proposals have presented to overcome the tachyonic instability at the time of late time acceleration. Finally, we have also provided the bulk interpretation from the three and four point scalar correlation functions for completeness."
"We study the dark matter phenomenology of non-minimal composite Higgs models with &lt;i&gt;SO&lt;i/&gt;(7) broken to the exceptional group . In addition to the Higgs, three pseudo-Nambu–Goldstone bosons arise, one of which is electrically neutral. A parity symmetry is enough to ensure this resonance is stable. In fact, if the breaking of the Goldstone symmetry is driven by the fermion sector, this symmetry is automatically unbroken in the electroweak phase. In this case, the relic density, as well as the expected indirect, direct and collider signals are then uniquely determined by the value of the compositeness scale, &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;. Current experimental bounds allow one to account for a large fraction of the dark matter of the Universe if the dark matter particle is part of an electroweak triplet. The totality of the relic abundance can be accommodated if instead this particle is a composite singlet. In both cases, the scale &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt; and the dark matter mass are of the order of a few TeV."
"The first measurement of the jet mass of top quark jets produced in events from pp collisions at is reported for the jet with the largest transverse momentum in highly boosted hadronic top quark decays. The data sample, collected with the CMS detector, corresponds to an integrated luminosity of 19.7. The measurement is performed in the lepton+jets channel in which the products of the semileptonic decay with where is an electron or muon, are used to select events with large Lorentz boosts. The products of the fully hadronic decay with are reconstructed using a single Cambridge–Aachen jet with distance parameter , and . The cross section as a function of is unfolded at the particle level and is used to test the modelling of highly boosted top quark production. The peak position of the distribution is sensitive to the top quark mass , and the data are used to extract a value of to assess this sensitivity."
"This paper describes the implementation and performance of a particle flow algorithm applied to 20.2 fb of ATLAS data from 8 TeV proton–proton collisions in Run 1 of the LHC. The algorithm removes calorimeter energy deposits due to charged hadrons from consideration during jet reconstruction, instead using measurements of their momenta from the inner tracker. This improves the accuracy of the charged-hadron measurement, while retaining the calorimeter measurements of neutral-particle energies. The paper places emphasis on how this is achieved, while minimising double-counting of charged-hadron signals between the inner tracker and calorimeter. The performance of particle flow jets, formed from the ensemble of signals from the calorimeter and the inner tracker, is compared to that of jets reconstructed from calorimeter energy deposits alone, demonstrating improvements in resolution and pile-up stability."
"In this paper, we study Jackiw–Rebbi model, in which a massless fermion is coupled to the kink of theory through a Yukawa interaction. In the original Jackiw–Rebbi model, the soliton is prescribed. However, we are interested in the back-reaction of the fermion on the soliton besides the effect of the soliton on the fermion. Also, as a particular example, we consider a minimal supersymmetric kink model in () dimensions. In this case, the bosonic self-coupling, , and the Yukawa coupling between fermion and soliton, &lt;i&gt;g&lt;i/&gt;, have a specific relation, . As the set of coupled equations of motion of the system is not analytically solvable, we use a numerical method to solve it self-consistently. We obtain the bound energy spectrum, bound states of the system and the corresponding shape of the soliton using a relaxation method, except for the zero mode fermionic state and threshold energies which are analytically solvable. With the aid of these results, we are able to show how the soliton is affected in general and supersymmetric cases. The results we obtain are consistent with the ones in the literature, considering the soliton as background."
"Starting from a successful model of the -meson electromagnetic form factor, we calculate a similar form factor, , of the charged &lt;i&gt;K&lt;i/&gt; meson for a wide range of the momentum transfer squared, . The only remaining free parameter is to be determined from the measurements of the &lt;i&gt;K&lt;i/&gt;-meson charge radius, . We fit this single parameter to the published data of the NA-7 experiment which measured at and determine our preferred range of , which happens to be close to recent lattice results. Still, the accuracy in the determination of is poor. However, future measurements of the &lt;i&gt;K&lt;i/&gt;-meson electromagnetic form factor at  GeV, scheduled in Jefferson Laboratory for 2017, will test our approach and will reduce the uncertainty in significantly."
"In the cold inflation scenario, the slow roll inflation and reheating via coherent rapid oscillation, are usually considered as two distinct eras. When the slow roll ends, a rapid oscillation phase begins and the inflaton decays to relativistic particles reheating the Universe. In another model dubbed warm inflation, the rapid oscillation phase is suppressed, and we are left with only a slow roll period during which the reheating occurs. Instead, in this paper, we propose a new picture for inflation in which the slow roll era is suppressed and only the rapid oscillation phase exists. Radiation generation during this era is taken into account, so we have warm inflation with an oscillatory inflaton. To provide enough e-folds, we employ the non-minimal derivative coupling model. We study the cosmological perturbations and compute the temperature at the end of warm oscillatory inflation."
"Starting from an anisotropic (in all directions including the time direction of the brane) non-SUSY D2 brane solution of type IIA string theory we construct an anisotropic space-like D2 brane (or SD2 brane, for short) solution by the standard trick of a double Wick rotation. This solution is characterized by five independent parameters. We show that compactification on six-dimensional hyperbolic space (H) of a time-dependent volume of this SD2 brane solution leads to accelerating cosmologies (for some time , with some characteristic time) where both the expansions and the accelerations are different in three spatial directions of the resultant four-dimensional universe. On the other hand at early times () this four-dimensional space, in certain situations, leads to four-dimensional Kasner-like cosmology, with two additional scalars, namely, the dilaton and a volume scalar of H. Unlike in the standard four-dimensional Kasner cosmology here all three Kasner exponents could be positive definite, leading to expansions in all three directions."
"We study the observational properties of a class of exact solutions of Einstein’s field equations describing stationary, axially symmetric, rigidly rotating dust (i.e. non-interacting particles). We ask the question whether such solutions can describe astrophysical rotating dark matter clouds near the center of galaxies and we probe the possibility that they may constitute an alternative to supermassive black holes at the center of galaxies. We show that light emission from accretion disks made of ordinary baryonic matter in this space-time has several differences with respect to the emission of light from similar accretion disks around black holes. The shape of the iron K line in the reflection spectrum of accretion disks can potentially distinguish this class of solutions from the Kerr metric, but this may not be possible with current X-ray missions."
"We analyze vector meson–vector meson scattering in a unitarized chiral theory based on a chiral covariant framework restricted to intermediate states. We show that a pole assigned to the scalar meson can be dynamically generated from the interaction, while this is not the case for the tensor meson as found in earlier work. We show that the generation of the tensor state is untenable due to the extreme non-relativistic kinematics used before. We further consider the effects arising from the coupling of channels with different orbital angular momenta which are also important. We suggest to use the formalism outlined here to obtain more reliable results for the dynamical generation of resonances in the vector–vector interaction."
"Normalized double-differential cross sections for top quark pair () production are measured in pp collisions at a centre-of-mass energy of 8 with the CMS experiment at the LHC. The analyzed data correspond to an integrated luminosity of 19.7. The measurement is performed in the dilepton final state. The cross section is determined as a function of various pairs of observables characterizing the kinematics of the top quark and system. The data are compared to calculations using perturbative quantum chromodynamics at next-to-leading and approximate next-to-next-to-leading orders. They are also compared to predictions of Monte Carlo event generators that complement fixed-order computations with parton showers, hadronization, and multiple-parton interactions. Overall agreement is observed with the predictions, which is improved when the latest global sets of proton parton distribution functions are used. The inclusion of the measured cross sections in a fit of parametrized parton distribution functions is shown to have significant impact on the gluon distribution."
"For a family of Horndeski theories, formulated in terms of a generalized Galileon model, we study the integrability of the field equations in a Friedmann–Lemaître–Robertson–Walker space-time. We are interested in point transformations which leave invariant the field equations. Noether’s theorem is applied to determine the conservation laws for a family of models that belong to the same general class. The cosmological scenarios with or without an extra perfect fluid with constant equation of state parameter are the two important cases of our study. The de Sitter universe and ideal gas solutions are derived by using the invariant functions of the symmetry generators as a demonstration of our result. Furthermore, we discuss the connection of the different models under conformal transformations while we show that when the Horndeski theory reduces to a canonical field the same holds for the conformal equivalent theory. Finally, we discuss how singular solutions provides nonsingular universes in a different frame and vice versa."
"We study the exotic decay of the 125 GeV Higgs boson (&lt;i&gt;h&lt;i/&gt;) into a pair of light spin-0 particles () which subsequently decay and result in a 4&lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt; final state. This channel is well motivated in models with an extended Higgs sector. Instead of searching at the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) and the high luminosity LHC (HL-LHC) which are beset by large standard model (SM) backgrounds, we investigate this decay channel at the much cleaner Large Hadron Electron Collider (LHeC). With some simple selection cuts this channel becomes nearly free of background at this &lt;i&gt;ep&lt;i/&gt; machine, in sharp contrast to the situation at the (HL-)LHC. With a parton level analysis we show that for the mass range , with luminosity the LHeC is generally capable of constraining ( denotes the coupling strength relative to the SM value) to a few percent level ( CLs). With luminosity at a few per mille level can be probed. These sensitivities are much better than the HL-LHC performance and demonstrate the important role expected to be played by the LHeC in probing exotic Higgs decay processes, in addition to the already proposed invisible Higgs decay channel."
"We will investigate the scenario in which the Standard Model (SM) Higgs sector and its two-doublet extension (called the Two Higgs Doublet Model or 2HDM) are the “portal” for the interactions between the Standard Model and a fermionic Dark Matter (DM) candidate. The latter is the lightest stable neutral particle of a family of vector-like leptons (VLLs). We will provide an extensive overview of this scenario combining the constraints coming purely from DM phenomenology with more general constraints like Electroweak Precision Test (EWPT) as well as with collider searches. In the case that the new fermionic sector interacts with the SM Higgs sector, constraints from DM phenomenology force the new states to lie above the TeV scale. This requirement is relaxed in the case of 2HDM. Nevertheless, strong constraints coming from EWPTs and the Renormalization Group Equations (RGEs) limit the impact of VLFs on collider phenomenology."
"We study holographic RG flow solutions within four-dimensional gauged supergravity obtained from type IIA and IIB string theories compactified on orbifold with gauge, geometric and non-geometric fluxes. In type IIB non-geometric compactifications, the resulting gauged supergravity has gauge group and admits an vacuum dual to an superconformal field theory (SCFT) in three dimensions. We study various supersymmetric RG flows from this SCFT to and non-conformal field theories in the IR. The flows preserving supersymmetry are driven by relevant operators of dimensions or alternatively by one of these relevant operators, dual to the dilaton, and irrelevant operators of dimensions while the flows in addition involve marginal deformations. Most of the flows can be obtained analytically. We also give examples of supersymmetric Janus solutions preserving and supersymmetries. These solutions should describe two-dimensional conformal defects within the dual SCFT. Geometric compactifications of type IIA theory give rise to gauged supergravity with gauge group. In this case, the resulting gauged supergravity admits an vacuum. We also numerically study possible RG flows to non-conformal field theories in this case."
"The Casimir force between two parallel plates in the Gödel universe is computed for a scalar field at finite temperature. It is observed that when the plates’ separation is comparable with the scale given by the rotation of the space-time, the force becomes repulsive and then approaches zero. Since it has been shown previously that the universe may experience a Gödel phase for a small period of time, the induced inhomogeneities from the Casimir force are also studied."
"Heavy-quark form factors are calculated at to all orders in at the first order in . Using the inversion relation generalized to vertex functions, we reduce the massive on-shell Feynman integral to the HQET one. This HQET vertex integral can be expressed via a function; the &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt;th term of its expansion is explicitly known. We confirm existing results for terms in the form factors (up to ), and we present results for higher &lt;i&gt;L&lt;i/&gt;."
"We present a theoretical analysis of the and decays. We construct a general angular distribution which can include arbitrary partial waves of . Retaining the S-wave and P-wave contributions we study the branching ratios, forward–backward asymmetries and a few other observables. The P-wave contribution is dominated by resonance, and the S-wave contribution is analyzed using the unitarized chiral perturbation theory. The obtained branching fraction for , at the order , is consistent with the available experimental data. The S-wave contribution has a branching ratio at the order of , and this prediction can be tested by experiments like BESIII and LHCb. Future measurements can also be used to examine the – scattering phase shift."
"Rainbow metrics are a widely used approach to the metric formalism for theories with modified dispersion relations. They have had a huge success in the quantum gravity phenomenology literature, since they allow one to introduce momentum-dependent space-time metrics into the description of systems with a modified dispersion relation. In this paper, we introduce the reader to some realizations of this general idea: the original rainbow metrics proposal, the momentum-space-inspired metric and a Finsler geometry approach. As the main result of this work we also present an alternative definition of a four-velocity dependent metric which allows one to handle the massless limit. This paper aims to highlight some of their properties and how to properly describe their relativistic realizations."
"We present an in-depth study of masses and decays of excited scalar and pseudoscalar states in the Extended Linear Sigma Model (eLSM). The model also contains ground-state scalar, pseudoscalar, vector and axial-vector mesons. The main objective is to study the consequences of the hypothesis that the resonance, observed a decade ago by the BES Collaboration and recently by LHCb, represents an excited scalar quarkonium. In addition we also analyse the possibility that the new resonance, observed recently by BABAR, may also be an excited scalar state. Both hypotheses receive justification in our approach although there appears to be some tension between the simultaneous interpretation of / and pseudoscalar mesons , , and &lt;i&gt;K&lt;i/&gt;(1460) as excited states."
"According to a Barrow solution for the scale factor of the universe, the main properties of the tachyon inflation model in the framework of the RSII braneworld are studied. Within this framework the basic slow-roll parameters are calculated analytically. We compare this inflationary scenario to the latest observational data. The predicted spectral index and the tensor-to-scalar fluctuation ratio are in excellent agreement with those of Planck 2015. The current predictions are consistent with those of viable inflationary models."
"Modified gravity is one of the potential candidates to explain the accelerated expansion of the universe. Current study highlights the materialization of anisotropic compact stars in the context of &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;G&lt;i/&gt;) theory of gravity. In particular, to gain insight in the physical behavior of three stars namely, Her &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;1, SAX J 1808-3658 and 4U 1820-30, energy density, and radial and tangential pressures are calculated. The &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;G&lt;i/&gt;) gravity model is split into a Starobinsky like &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) model and a power law &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;G&lt;i/&gt;) model. The main feature of the work is a 3-dimensional graphical analysis in which, anisotropic measurements, energy conditions and stability attributes of these stars are discussed. It is shown that all three stars behave as usual for positive values of the &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;G&lt;i/&gt;) model parameter &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt;."
"We consider a non-relativistic free scalar field theory with a type of anisotropic scale invariance in which the number of coordinates “scaling like time” is generically greater than one. We propose the Cartesian product of two curved spaces, the metric of each space being parameterized by the other space, as a notion of curved background to which the theory can be extended. We study this type of geometries, and find a family of extensions of the theory to curved backgrounds in which the anisotropic scale invariance is promoted to a local, Weyl-type symmetry."
NaN
"Motivated by the recent breakthrough of the detection of Gravitational Waves (GW) from coalescent black holes by the aLIGO interferometers, we study the propagation of GW in the &lt;i&gt;D-material universe&lt;i/&gt;, which we have recently shown to be compatible with large-scale structure and inflationary phenomenology. The medium of D-particles induces an effective mass for the graviton, as a consequence of the formation of recoil-velocity field condensates due to the underlying Born–Infeld dynamics. There is a competing effect, due to a super-luminal refractive index, as a result of the gravitational energy of D-particles acting as a dark-matter component, with which propagating gravitons interact. We examine conditions for the condensate under which the latter effect is sub-leading. We argue that if quantum fluctuations of the recoil velocity are relatively strong, which can happen in the current era of the universe, then the condensate, and hence the induced mass of the graviton, can be several orders of magnitude larger than the magnitude of the cosmological constant today. Hence, we constrain the graviton mass using aLIGO and pulsar-timing observations (which give the most stringent bounds at present). In such a sub-luminal graviton case, there is also a gravitational Cherenkov effect for ordinary high-energy cosmic matter, which is further constrained by means of ultra-high-energy cosmic ray observations. Assuming cosmic rays of extragalactic origin, the bounds on the quantum condensate strength, based on the gravitational Cherenkov effect, are of the same order as those from aLIGO measurements, in contrast to the case where a galactic origin of the cosmic rays is assumed, in which case the corresponding bounds are much weaker."
"We consider an isolated electroweak monopole solution within the Standard Model with a nonlinear Born–Infeld extension of the hypercharge gauge field. Monopole (and dyon) solutions in such an extension are regular and their masses are predicted to be proportional to the Born–Infeld mass parameter. We argue that cosmological production of electroweak monopoles may delay the electroweak phase transition and make it more strongly first order for monopole masses TeV, while the nucleosynthesis constraints on the abundance of relic monopoles impose the bound TeV. The monopoles with a mass in this shallow range may be responsible for the dynamical generation of the matter–antimatter asymmetry during the electroweak phase transition."
"This paper is about the -dimensional gravitational contraction of an inhomogeneous fluid without heat flux in the framework of a &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) metric theory of gravity. Matching conditions for two regions of a star are derived by using the Darmois junction conditions. For the analytic solution of the equations of motion in modified &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) theory of gravity, we have taken the scalar curvature constant. Hence the final result of gravitational collapse in this framework is the existence of black hole and cosmological horizons, and both of these form earlier than the singularity. It is shown that a constant curvature term ( is the constant scalar curvature) slows down the collapsing process."
"We calculate the higher-twist corrections to the QCD light-cone sum rule for the transition form factor. The light-cone expansion of the massive quark propagator in the external gluonic field is extended to include new terms containing the derivatives of the gluon-field strength. The resulting analytical expressions for the twist-5 and twist-6 contributions to the correlation function are obtained in a factorized approximation, expressed via the product of the lower-twist pion distribution amplitudes and the quark-condensate density. The numerical analysis reveals that new higher-twist effects for the form factor are strongly suppressed. This result justifies the conventional truncation of the operator product expansion in the light-cone sum rules up to twist-4 terms."
"In this paper, we have formulated the exact solutions of the non-static anisotropic gravitating source in &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity which may lead to expansion and collapse. By assuming there to be no thermal conduction in gravitating source, we have determined parametric solutions in &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity with a non-static spherical geometry filled using an anisotropic fluid. We have examined the ranges of the parameters for which the expansion scalar becomes negative and positive, leading to collapse and expansion, respectively. Further, using the definition of the mass function, the conditions for the trapped surface have been explored, and it has been investigated that there exists a single horizon in this case. The impact of the coupling parameter has been discussed in detail in both cases. For the various values of the coupling parameter , we have plotted the energy density, anisotropic pressure and anisotropy parameter in the cases of collapse and expansion. The physical significance of the graphs has been explained in detail."
"The masses and radii of non-rotating and rotating configurations of pure hadronic stars mixed with self-interacting fermionic asymmetric dark matter are calculated within the two-fluid formalism of stellar structure equations in general relativity. The Equation of State (EoS) of nuclear matter is obtained from the density dependent M3Y effective nucleon–nucleon interaction. We consider the dark matter particle mass of 1 GeV. The EoS of self-interacting dark matter is taken from two-body repulsive interactions of the scale of strong interactions. We explore the conditions of equal and different rotational frequencies of nuclear matter and dark matter and find that the maximum mass of differentially rotating stars with self-interacting dark matter to be with radius km."
"We develop a general approach to analytically calculate the perturbations of the orbital component of the change of the times of arrival of the pulses emitted by a binary pulsar p induced by the post-Keplerian accelerations due to the mass quadrupole , and the post-Newtonian gravitoelectric (GE) and Lense–Thirring (LT) fields. We apply our results to the so-far still hypothetical scenario involving a pulsar orbiting the supermassive black hole in the galactic center at Sgr A. We also evaluate the gravitomagnetic and quadrupolar Shapiro-like propagation delays . By assuming the orbit of the existing main sequence star S2 and a time span as long as its orbital period , we obtain . Faster and more eccentric orbits would imply net shifts per revolution as large as , depending on the other orbital parameters and the initial epoch. For the propagation delays, we have . The results for the mass quadrupole and the Lense–Thirring field depend, among other things, on the spatial orientation of the spin axis of the Black Hole. The expected precision in pulsar timing in Sgr A is of the order of , or, perhaps, even 1–10 . Our method is, in principle, neither limited just to some particular orbital configuration nor to the dynamical effects considered in the present study."
"We prove that the field equations of the Starobinsky model for inflation in a Friedmann–Lemaître–Robertson–Walker metric constitute an integrable system. The analytical solution in terms of a Painlevé series for the Starobinsky model is presented for the case of zero and nonzero spatial curvature. In both cases the leading-order term describes the radiation era provided by the corresponding higher-order theory."
"We have developed ultra-low-background NaI(Tl) crystals to reproduce the DAMA results with the ultimate goal of achieving purity levels that are comparable to or better than those of the DAMA/LIBRA crystals. Even though the achieved background level does not approach that of DAMA/LIBRA, it is crucial to have a quantitative understanding of the backgrounds. We have studied background simulations toward a deeper understanding of the backgrounds and developed background models for a 9.16-kg NaI(Tl) crystal used in the test arrangement. In this paper we describe the contributions of background sources quantitatively by performing Geant4 Monte Carlo simulations that are fitted to the measured data to quantify the unknown fractions of the background compositions. In the fitted results, the overall simulated background spectrum well describes the measured data with a 9.16-kg NaI(Tl) crystal and shows that the background sources are dominated by surface Pb and internal K in the 2–6-keV energy interval, which produce 2.4 counts/day/keV/kg (dru) and 0.5 dru, respectively."
"By considering a non-linear electroweak chiral Lagrangian, including the Higgs, coupled to heavy quarks, and the equivalence theorem, we compute the one-loop scattering amplitudes , and (in the regime and to NLO in the effective theory). We calculate the scalar partial-wave helicity amplitudes which allow us to check unitarity at the perturbative level in both and &lt;i&gt;s&lt;i/&gt;/&lt;i&gt;v&lt;i/&gt;. As with growing energy perturbative unitarity deteriorates, we also introduce a new unitarization method with the right analytical behavior on the complex &lt;i&gt;s&lt;i/&gt;-plane and that can support poles on the second Riemann sheet to describe resonances in terms of the Lagrangian couplings. Thus we have achieved a consistent phenomenological description of any resonant production that may be enhanced by a possible strongly interacting electroweak symmetry breaking sector."
"Based on the recent proposal for the tetraquarks with the mixing scheme, we investigate fall-apart decays of into two lowest-lying mesons. This mixing scheme suggests that and are the tetraquarks with the mixtures of two spin configurations of diquark and antidiquark. Due to the relative sign differences in the mixtures, the couplings of fall-apart decays into two mesons are strongly enhanced for but suppressed for . We report that this expectation is supported by their experimental decays. In particular, the ratios of the associated partial decay widths, which depend on some kinematical factors and the couplings, are found to be around , , which seems to agree with the experimental ratios reasonably well. This agreement can be interpreted as the tetraquark signatures for ."
"In the present paper, we investigate the cosmographic problem using the bias–variance trade-off. We find that both the &lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;-redshift and the -redshift can present a small bias estimation. It means that the cosmography can describe the supernova data more accurately. Minimizing risk, it suggests that cosmography up to the second order is the best approximation. Forecasting the constraint from future measurements, we find that future supernova and redshift drift can significantly improve the constraint, thus having the potential to solve the cosmographic problem. We also exploit the values of cosmography on the deceleration parameter and equation of state of dark energy &lt;i&gt;w&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;). We find that supernova cosmography cannot give stable estimations on them. However, much useful information was obtained, such as that the cosmography favors a complicated dark energy with varying &lt;i&gt;w&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;), and the derivative for low redshift. The cosmography is helpful to model the dark energy."
"We discuss in a systematic way the gauge theory for a continuous spin particle proposed by Schuster and Toro. We show that it is naturally formulated in a cotangent bundle over Minkowski spacetime where the gauge field depends on the spacetime coordinate and on a covector . We discuss how fields can be expanded in in different ways and how these expansions are related to each other. The field equation has a derivative of a Dirac delta function with support on the -hyperboloid and we show how it restricts the dynamics of the gauge field to the -hyperboloid and its first neighbourhood. We then show that on-shell the field carries one single irreducible unitary representation of the Poincaré group for a continuous spin particle. We also show how the field can be used to build a set of covariant equations found by Wigner describing the wave function of one-particle states for a continuous spin particle. Finally we show that it is not possible to couple minimally a continuous spin particle to a background abelian gauge field, and we make some comments about the coupling to gravity."
"In this article, we study the and tetraquark states with the QCD sum rules, and we obtain the predictions , , and , which can be confronted to the experimental data in the future. Furthermore, we illustrate that the diquark–antidiquark type tetraquark state can be taken as a special superposition of a series of meson–meson pairs and that it embodies the net effects."
"We discuss the determination of the CKM angle using the non-leptonic two-body decays , and using the latest data available. We illustrate the methods used in each case and extract the corresponding value of . Combining all these elements, we obtain the determination . We assess the uncertainties associated to the breakdown of the isospin hypothesis and the choice of the statistical framework in detail. We also determine the hadronic amplitudes (tree and penguin) describing the QCD dynamics involved in these decays, briefly comparing our results with theoretical expectations. For each observable of interest in the , and systems, we perform an indirect determination based on the constraints from all the other observables available and we discuss the compatibility between indirect and direct determinations. Finally, we review the impact of future improved measurements on the determination of ."
"We show that a possible resolution to the stabilization of an extra spatial dimension (radion) can be obtained &lt;i&gt;solely in the context of gravitational dynamics&lt;i/&gt; itself without the necessity of introducing any external stabilizing field. In this scenario the stabilized value of the radion field gets determined in terms of the parameters appearing in the higher curvature gravitational action. Furthermore, the mass of the radion field and its coupling to the standard model fields are found to be in the weak scale implying possible signatures in the TeV scale colliders. Some resulting implications are also discussed."
"We study the leading effective interactions between the Standard Model fields and a generic singlet CP-odd (pseudo-) Goldstone boson. Two possible frameworks for electroweak symmetry breaking are considered: linear and non-linear. For the latter case, the basis of leading effective operators is determined and compared with that for the linear expansion. Associated phenomenological signals at colliders are explored for both scenarios, deriving new bounds and analyzing future prospects, including LHC and High Luminosity LHC sensitivities. Mono-&lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt;, mono-&lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt;-photon plus missing energy and on-shell top final states are most promising signals expected in both frameworks. In addition, non-standard Higgs decays and mono-Higgs signatures are especially prominent and expected to be dominant in non-linear realisations."
"We calculate meson transverse momentum spectra in collisions as well as their nuclear suppressions in central collisions both at the RHIC and the LHC in LO and NLO with the QCD-improved parton model. We have included the parton energy loss effect in a hot/dense QCD medium with the effectively medium-modified fragmentation functions in the higher-twist approach of jet quenching. The nuclear modification factors of the meson in central collisions at the RHIC and central collisions at the LHC are provided, and nice agreement of our numerical results at NLO with the ALICE measurement is observed. Predictions of the yield ratios of neutral mesons such as , and at large in relativistic heavy-ion collisions are also presented for the first time."
"We investigate the properties of a stochastic gravitational wave background produced by a first-order electroweak phase transition in the regime of extreme supercooling. We study a scenario whereby the percolation temperature that signifies the completion of the transition, , is as low as a few MeV (nucleosynthesis temperature), while most of the true vacuum bubbles are formed much earlier at the nucleation temperature, GeV. This implies that the gravitational wave spectrum is mainly produced by the collisions of large bubbles and characterised by a large amplitude and a peak frequency as low as Hz. We show that such a scenario can occur in (but not limited to) a model based on a non-linear realisation of the electroweak gauge group, so that the Higgs vacuum configuration is altered by a cubic coupling. In order to carefully quantify the evolution of the phase transition of this model over such a wide temperature range we go beyond the usual fast transition approximation, taking into account the expansion of the Universe as well as the behaviour of the nucleation probability at low temperatures. Our computation shows that there exists a range of parameters for which the gravitational wave spectrum lies at the edge between the exclusion limits of current pulsar timing array experiments and the detection band of the future Square Kilometre Array observatory."
"Two-particle angular correlations were measured in pp collisions at  TeV for pions, kaons, protons, and lambdas, for all particle/anti-particle combinations in the pair. Data for mesons exhibit an expected peak dominated by effects associated with mini-jets and are well reproduced by general purpose Monte Carlo generators. However, for baryon–baryon and anti-baryon–anti-baryon pairs, where both particles have the same baryon number, a near-side anti-correlation structure is observed instead of a peak. This effect is interpreted in the context of baryon production mechanisms in the fragmentation process. It currently presents a challenge to Monte Carlo models and its origin remains an open question."
"One of the simplest viable models for dark matter is an additional neutral scalar, stabilised by a symmetry. Using the GAMBIT package and combining results from four independent samplers, we present Bayesian and frequentist global fits of this model. We vary the singlet mass and coupling along with 13 nuisance parameters, including nuclear uncertainties relevant for direct detection, the local dark matter density, and selected quark masses and couplings. We include the dark matter relic density measured by &lt;i&gt;Planck&lt;i/&gt;, direct searches with LUX, PandaX, SuperCDMS and XENON100, limits on invisible Higgs decays from the Large Hadron Collider, searches for high-energy neutrinos from dark matter annihilation in the Sun with IceCube, and searches for gamma rays from annihilation in dwarf galaxies with the &lt;i&gt;Fermi&lt;i/&gt;-LAT. Viable solutions remain at couplings of order unity, for singlet masses between the Higgs mass and about 300 GeV, and at masses above 1 TeV. Only in the latter case can the scalar singlet constitute all of dark matter. Frequentist analysis shows that the low-mass resonance region, where the singlet is about half the mass of the Higgs, can also account for all of dark matter, and remains viable. However, Bayesian considerations show this region to be rather fine-tuned."
"The high luminosity upgrade of the Large Hadron Collider, foreseen for 2026, necessitates the replacement of the CMS experiment’s silicon tracker. The innermost layer of the new pixel detector will be exposed to severe radiation, corresponding to a 1 MeV neutron equivalent fluence of up to  cm, and an ionising dose of  MGy after an integrated luminosity of 3000 fb. Thin, planar silicon sensors are good candidates for this application, since the degradation of the signal produced by traversing particles is less severe than for thicker devices. In this paper, the results obtained from the characterisation of 100 and 200 m thick p-bulk pad diodes and strip sensors irradiated up to fluences of  cm are shown."
"In this paper we construct a charged thin-shell gravastar model within the context of noncommutative geometry. To do so, we choose the interior of the nonsingular de Sitter spacetime with an exterior charged noncommutative solution by cut-and-paste technique and apply the generalized junction conditions. We then investigate the stability of a charged thin-shell gravastar under linear perturbations around the static equilibrium solutions as well as the thermodynamical stability of the charged gravastar. We find the stability regions, by choosing appropriate parameter values, located sufficiently close to the event horizon."
"In this work we study linear and nonlinear cosmological interactions, which depend on dark matter and dark energy densities in the framework of general relativity. By using the Akaike information criterion (AIC) and the bayesian information criterion (BIC) with data from SnIa (Union 2.1 and binned JLA), , BAO and CMB we compare the interacting models among themselves and analyze whether more complex interacting models are favored by these criteria. In this context, we find some suitable interactions that alleviate the coincidence problem."
NaN
"This paper presents a study of the production of &lt;i&gt;WW&lt;i/&gt; or &lt;i&gt;WZ&lt;i/&gt; boson pairs, with one &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; boson decaying to or and one &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; or &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; boson decaying hadronically. The analysis uses of &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collision data, collected by the ATLAS detector at the Large Hadron Collider. Cross-sections for &lt;i&gt;WW&lt;i/&gt; / &lt;i&gt;WZ&lt;i/&gt; production are measured in high- fiducial regions defined close to the experimental event selection. The cross-section is measured for the case where the hadronically decaying boson is reconstructed as two resolved jets, and the case where it is reconstructed as a single jet. The transverse momentum distribution of the hadronically decaying boson is used to search for new physics. Observations are consistent with the Standard Model predictions, and 95% confidence intervals are calculated for parameters describing anomalous triple gauge-boson couplings."
"The Next-to-Minimal Supersymmetric Standard model (NMSSM) appears as an interesting candidate for the interpretation of the Higgs measurement at the LHC and as a rich framework embedding physics beyond the Standard Model. We consider the renormalization of the Higgs sector of this model in its -violating version, and propose a renormalization scheme for the calculation of on-shell Higgs masses. Moreover, the connection between the physical states and the tree-level ones is no longer trivial at the radiative level: a proper description of the corresponding transition thus proves necessary in order to calculate Higgs production and decays at a consistent loop order. After discussing these formal aspects, we compare the results of our mass calculation to the output of existing tools. We also study the relevance of the on-shell transition matrix in the example of the width. We find deviations between our full prescription and popular approximations that can exceed 10%."
"Dalitz-plot analyses of decays provide direct access to decay amplitudes, and thereby weak and strong phases can be disentangled by resolving the interference patterns in phase space between intermediate resonant states. A phenomenological isospin analysis of decay amplitudes is presented exploiting available amplitude analyses performed at the BaBar, Belle and LHCb experiments. A first application consists in constraining the CKM parameters thanks to an external hadronic input. A method, proposed some time ago by two different groups and relying on a bound on the electroweak penguin contribution, is shown to lack the desired robustness and accuracy, and we propose a more alluring alternative using a bound on the annihilation contribution. A second application consists in extracting information on hadronic amplitudes assuming the values of the CKM parameters from a global fit to quark flavour data. The current data yields several solutions, which do not fully support the hierarchy of hadronic amplitudes usually expected from theoretical arguments (colour suppression, suppression of electroweak penguins), as illustrated from computations within QCD factorisation. Some prospects concerning the impact of future measurements at LHCb and Belle II are also presented. Results are obtained with the CKMfitter analysis package, featuring the frequentist statistical approach and using the Rfit scheme to handle theoretical uncertainties."
"The thermal spectrum of relic gravitational waves enhances the usual spectrum. Our analysis shows that there exist some chances for detection of the thermal spectrum in addition to the usual spectrum by comparison with sensitivity of Adv.LIGO of GW150914 and detector based on the maser light. The behavior of the inflation and reheating stages are often known as power law expansion like , , respectively, with constraints . The and have an unique effect on the shape of the spectrum. We find some values of the and by considering the mentioned comparison. As obtained, the results give us more information as regards the evolution of inflation and reheating stages."
"A special class of higher curvature theories of gravity, Ricci cubic gravity (RCG), in general &lt;i&gt;d&lt;i/&gt; dimensional space-time has been investigated in this paper. We have used two different approaches, the linearized equations of motion and the auxiliary field formalism to study the massive and massless graviton propagating modes of the AdS background. Using the auxiliary field formalism, we have found the renormalized boundary stress tensor to compute the mass of the Schwarzschild–AdS and Lifshitz black holes in RCG theory."
"The scalar–tensor &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) theory of gravity is considered in the framework of a simple inhomogeneous space-time model. In this research we use the reconstruction technique to look for possible evolving wormhole solutions within viable &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity formalism. These &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) models are then constrained so that they are consistent with existing experimental data. Energy conditions related to the matter threading the wormhole are analyzed graphically and are in general found to obey the null energy conditions (NEC) in regions around the throat, while in the limit NEC can be violated at large in regions around the throat."
"The field equations for static EGBM gravity are obtained and transformed to an equivalent form through a coordinate redefinition. A form for one of the metric potentials that generalizes the spheroidal ansatz of Vaidya–Tikekar superdense stars and additionally prescribing the electric field intensity yields viable solutions. Some special cases of the general solution are considered and analogous classes in the Einstein framework are studied. In particular the Finch–Skea ansatz is examined in detail and found to satisfy the elementary physical requirements. These include positivity of pressure and density, the existence of a pressure free hypersurface marking the boundary, continuity with the exterior metric, a subluminal sound speed as well as the energy conditions. Moreover, the solution possesses no coordinate singularities. It is found that the impact of the Gauss–Bonnet term is to correct undesirable features in the pressure profile and sound speed index when compared to the equivalent Einstein gravity model. Furthermore graphical analyses suggest that higher densities are achievable for the same radial values when compared to the 5-dimensional Einstein case. The case of a constant gravitational potential, isothermal distribution as well as an incompressible fluid are studied. All exact solutions derived exhibit an equation of state explicitly."
"In this paper, we study the heat engine where a charged AdS black hole surrounded by dark energy is the working substance and the mechanical work is done via the &lt;i&gt;PdV&lt;i/&gt; term in the first law of black hole thermodynamics in the extended phase space. We first investigate the effects of a kind of dark energy (quintessence field in this paper) on the efficiency of the RN-AdS black holes as the heat engine defined as a rectangular closed path in the &lt;i&gt;P&lt;i/&gt;–&lt;i&gt;V&lt;i/&gt; plane. We get the exact efficiency formula and find that the quintessence field can improve the heat engine efficiency, which will increase as the field density grows. At some fixed parameters, we find that a larger volume difference between the smaller black holes() and the bigger black holes( ) will lead to a lower efficiency, while the bigger pressure difference will make the efficiency higher, but it is always smaller than 1 and will never be beyond the Carnot efficiency, which is the maximum value of the efficiency constrained by thermodynamics laws; this is consistent to the heat engine in traditional thermodynamics. After making some special choices for the thermodynamical quantities, we find that the increase of the electric charge &lt;i&gt;Q&lt;i/&gt; and the normalization factor &lt;i&gt;a&lt;i/&gt; can also promote the heat engine efficiency, which would infinitely approach the Carnot limit when &lt;i&gt;Q&lt;i/&gt; or &lt;i&gt;a&lt;i/&gt; goes to infinity."
"In this paper, we study the effect of thermal fluctuations on the thermodynamics of a black geometry with hyperscaling violation. These thermal fluctuations in the thermodynamics of this system are produced from quantum corrections of geometry describing this system. We discuss the stability of this system using specific heat and the entire Hessian matrix of the free energy. We will analyze the effects of thermal fluctuations on the stability of this system. We also analyze the effects of thermal fluctuations on the criticality of the hyperscaling-violation background."
"We investigate the upper limit of the gravitational radiation released upon the collision of two dilatonic black holes by analyzing the Gauss–Bonnet term. Dilatonic black holes have a dilaton hair coupled with this term. Using the laws of thermodynamics, the upper limit of the radiation is obtained, which reflected the effects of the dilaton hair. The amount of radiation released is greater than that emitted by a Schwarzschild black hole due to the contribution from the dilaton hair. In the collision, most of the dilaton hair can be released through radiation, where the energy radiated by the dilaton hair is maximized when the horizon of one black hole is minimized for a fixed second black hole."
NaN
"We investigate the evolution of timelike geodesic congruences, in the background of a charged black hole spacetime surrounded by quintessence. The Raychaudhuri equations for three kinematical quantities namely the expansion scalar, shear and rotation along the geodesic flows in such spacetime are obtained and solved numerically. We have also analysed both the weak and the strong energy conditions for the focussing of timelike geodesic congruences. The effect of the normalisation constant () and the equation of state parameter () on the evolution of the expansion scalar is discussed, for the congruences with and without an initial shear and rotation. It is observed that there always exists a critical value of the initial expansion below which we have focussing with smaller values of the normalisation constant and the equation of state parameter. As the corresponding values of both of these parameters are increased, no geodesic focussing is observed. The results obtained are then compared with those of the Reissner Nordström and Schwarzschild black hole spacetimes as well as their de Sitter black hole analogues accordingly."
"We propose a non-minimal left–right symmetric model with parity symmetry where the fermion mixings arise as a result of imposing an flavor symmetry, and an extra symmetry is considered in the lepton sector. Then the neutrino mass matrix possesses approximately the – symmetry. The breaking of the – symmetry induces sizable non-zero , and the deviation of from is strongly controlled by an free parameter and the neutrino masses. So, an analytic study of the CP parities in the neutrino masses is carried out to constrain the parameter and the lightest neutrino mass that accommodate the mixing angles. The results are: (a) the normal hierarchy is ruled out for any values of the Majorana phases; (b) for the inverted hierarchy the values of the reactor and atmospheric angles are compatible up to C.L.; (c) the degenerate ordering is the most favorable such that the reactor and atmospheric angle are compatible with the experimental data for a large set of values of the free parameters. The model predicts defined regions for the effective neutrino mass, the neutrino mass scale and the sum of the neutrino masses for the favored cases. Therefore, this model may be testable by the future experiments."
"The production cross sections for prompt charmed mesons , , and were measured at mid-rapidity in proton–proton collisions at a centre-of-mass energy with the ALICE detector at the Large Hadron Collider (LHC). D mesons were reconstructed from their decays , , , , and their charge conjugates.With respect to previous measurements in the same rapidity region, the coverage in transverse momentum () is extended and the uncertainties are reduced by a factor of about two. The accuracy on the estimated total production cross section is likewise improved. The measured -differential cross sections are compared with the results of three perturbative QCD calculations."
"We provide the detailed calculation of a general form for Maxwell and London equations that takes into account gravitational corrections in linear approximation. We determine the possible alteration of a static gravitational field in a superconductor making use of the time-dependent Ginzburg–Landau equations, providing also an analytic solution in the weak field condition. Finally, we compare the behavior of a high- superconductor with a classical low- superconductor, analyzing the values of the parameters that can enhance the reduction of the gravitational field."
"We investigate the impact of flavor-conserving, non-universal quark-lepton contact interactions on the dilepton invariant mass distribution in processes at the LHC. After recasting the recent ATLAS search performed at 13 TeV with 36.1 fb of data, we derive the best up-to-date limits on the full set of 36 chirality-conserving four-fermion operators contributing to the processes and estimate the sensitivity achievable at the HL-LHC. We discuss how these high- measurements can provide complementary information to the low- rare meson decays. In particular, we find that the recent hints on lepton-flavor universality violation in transitions are already in mild tension with the dimuon spectrum at high- if the flavor structure follows minimal flavor violation. Even if the mass scale of new physics is well beyond the kinematical reach for on-shell production, the signal in the high- dilepton tail might still be observed, a fact that has been often overlooked in the present literature. In scenarios where new physics couples predominantly to third generation quarks, instead, the HL-LHC phase is necessary in order to provide valuable information."
"We investigate the evolution of non-vacuum Friedmann–Lemaître–Robertson–Walker (FLRW) spacetimes with any spatial curvature in the context of Gauss–Bonnet gravity. The analysis employs a new method which enables us to explore the phase space of any specific theory of this class. We consider several examples, discussing the transition from a decelerating into an acceleration universe within these theories. We also deduce from the dynamical equations some general conditions on the form of the action which guarantee the presence of specific behaviours like the emergence of accelerated expansion. As in &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity, our analysis shows that there is a set of initial conditions for which these models have a finite time singularity which can be an attractor. The presence of this instability also in the Gauss–Bonnet gravity is to be ascribed to the fourth-order derivative in the field equations, i.e., is the direct consequence of the higher order of the equations."
"In this work, we study the propagators of matter fields within the framework of the refined Gribov–Zwanziger theory, which takes into account the effects of the Gribov copies in the gauge-fixing quantization procedure of Yang–Mills theory. In full analogy with the pure gluon sector of the refined Gribov–Zwanziger action, a non-local long-range term in the inverse of the Faddeev–Popov operator is added in the matter sector. Making use of the recent BRST-invariant formulation of the Gribov–Zwanziger framework achieved in Capri et al. (Phys Rev D 92(4):045039, 2015), (Phys Rev D 94(2):025035, 2016), (Phys Rev D 93(6):065019, 2016), (arXiv:1611.10077 [hep-th]), Pereira et al. (arXiv:1605.09747 [hep-th]),the propagators of scalar and quark fields in the adjoint and fundamental representations of the gauge group are worked out explicitly in the linear covariant, Curci–Ferrari and maximal Abelian gauges. Whenever lattice data are available, our results exhibit good qualitative agreement."
NaN
"In the next-to-minimal supersymmetric (NMS) Standard Model (SM), it is possible for either one of the additional singlet-like scalar and pseudoscalar Higgs bosons to be almost degenerate in mass with the  GeV SM-like Higgs state. In the real NMSSM (rNMSSM), when the mass difference between two scalar states is comparable to their individual total decay widths, the quantum mechanical interference, due to the relevant diagonal as well as off-diagonal terms in the propagator matrix, between them can become sizeable. This possibility invalidates usage of the narrow width approximation (NWA) to compute the cross section for the production of a di-photon pair with a given invariant mass via resonant Higgs boson(s) in the gluon fusion process at the Large Hadron Collider (LHC). When, motivated by the baryon asymmetry of the universe, CP-violating (CPV) phases are explicitly invoked in the Higgs sector of the NMSSM, all the interaction eigenstates mix to give five CP-indefinite physical Higgs bosons. In this scenario, the interference effects due to the off-diagonal terms in the Higgs mass matrix that mix the pseudoscalar-like state with the SM-like one can also become significant, when these two are sufficiently mass-degenerate. We perform a detailed analysis, in both the real and complex NMSSM, of these interference effects, when the full propagator matrix is taken into account, in the production of a photon pair with an invariant mass near 125 GeV through gluon fusion. We find that these effects can account for up to % of the total cross section for certain model parameter configurations. We also investigate how such mutually interfering states contributing to the  GeV signal observed at the LHC can be distinguished from a single resonance."
"The Cryogenic Underground Observatory for Rare Events (CUORE) is designed to search for neutrinoless double beta decay of Te with an array of 988 TeO bolometers operating at temperatures around 10 mK. The experiment is currently being commissioned in Hall A of Laboratori Nazionali del Gran Sasso, Italy. The goal of CUORE is to reach a 90% C.L. exclusion sensitivity on the Te decay half-life of 9 10 years after 5 years of data taking. The main issue to be addressed to accomplish this aim is the rate of background events in the region of interest, which must not be higher than 10 counts/keV/kg/year. We developed a detailed Monte Carlo simulation, based on results from a campaign of material screening, radioassays, and bolometric measurements, to evaluate the expected background. This was used over the years to guide the construction strategies of the experiment and we use it here to project a background model for CUORE. In this paper we report the results of our study and our expectations for the background rate in the energy region where the peak signature of neutrinoless double beta decay of Te is expected."
"Conformal gravity can elegantly solve the problem of spacetime singularities present in Einstein’s gravity. For every physical spacetime, there is an infinite family of conformally equivalent singularity-free metrics. In the unbroken phase, every non-singular metric is equivalent and can be used to infer the physical properties of the spacetime. In the broken phase, a Higgs-like mechanism should select a certain vacuum, which thus becomes the physical one. However, in the absence of the complete theoretical framework we do not know how to select the right vacuum. In this paper, we study the energy conditions of non-singular black hole spacetimes obtained in conformal gravity assuming they are solutions of Einstein’s gravity with an effective energy-momentum tensor. We check whether such conditions can be helpful to select the vacuum of the broken phase."
"Inspired by thermodynamical dissipative phenomena, we consider bulk viscosity for dark fluid in a spatially flat two-component Universe. Our viscous dark energy model represents phantom-crossing which avoids big-rip singularity. We propose a non-minimal derivative coupling scalar field with zero potential leading to accelerated expansion of the Universe in the framework of bulk viscous dark energy model. In this approach, the coupling constant, , is related to viscosity coefficient, , and the present dark energy density, . This coupling is bounded as . We implement recent observational data sets including a joint light-curve analysis (JLA) for SNIa, gamma ray bursts (GRBs) for most luminous astrophysical objects at high redshifts, baryon acoustic oscillations (BAO) from different surveys, Hubble parameter from HST project, &lt;i&gt;Planck&lt;i/&gt; CMB power spectrum and lensing to constrain model free parameters. The joint analysis of JLA GRBs BAO HST shows that , and . &lt;i&gt;Planck&lt;i/&gt; TT observation provides in the confidence limit for the viscosity coefficient. The cosmographic distance ratio indicates that current observed data prefer to increase bulk viscosity. The competition between phantom and quintessence behavior of the viscous dark energy model can accommodate cosmological old objects reported as a sign of age crisis in the CDM model. Finally, tension in the Hubble parameter is alleviated in this model."
"Local gravitational theories with more than four derivatives are superrenormalizable. They also may be unitary in the Lee–Wick sense. Thus it is relevant to study the low-energy properties of these theories, especially to identify observables which might be useful for experimental detection of higher derivatives. Using an analogy with the neutrino physics, we explore the possibility of a gravitational seesaw mechanism in which several dimensional parameters of the same order of magnitude produce a hierarchy in the masses of propagating particles. Such a mechanism could make a relatively light degree of freedom detectable in low-energy laboratory and astrophysical observations, such as torsion-balance experiments and the bending of light. We demonstrate that such a seesaw mechanism in the six- and more-derivative theories is unable to reduce the lightest mass more than in the simplest four-derivative model. Adding more derivatives to the four-derivative action of gravity makes heavier masses even greater, while the lightest massive ghost is not strongly affected. This fact is favorable for protecting the theory from instabilities but makes the experimental detection of higher derivatives more difficult."
"We consider a plasma consisting of electrons and ions in the presence of a background neutrino gas and develop the magnetohydrodynamic equations for the system. We show that the electron neutrino interaction can induce vorticity in the plasma even in the absence of any electromagnetic perturbations if the background neutrino density is left–right asymmetric. This induced vorticity supports a new kind of Alfvén wave whose velocity depends on both the external magnetic field and on the neutrino asymmetry. The normal mode analysis show that in the presence of neutrino background the Alfvén waves can have different velocities. We also discuss our results in the context of dense astrophysical plasma such as magnetars and show that the difference in the Alfvén velocities can be used to explain the observed pulsar kick. We discuss also the relativistic generalisation of the electron fluid in presence of an asymmetric neutrino background."
"The previously introduced class of two-parametric phenomenological inflationary models in general relativity in which the slow-roll assumption is replaced by the more general, constant-roll condition is generalized to the case of &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity. A simple constant-roll condition is defined in the original Jordan frame, and exact expressions for a scalaron potential in the Einstein frame, for a function &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) (in the parametric form) and for inflationary dynamics are obtained. The region of the model parameters permitted by the latest observational constraints on the scalar spectral index and the tensor-to-scalar ratio of primordial metric perturbations generated during inflation is determined."
"The Einstein Gauss–Bonnet theory of gravity is the low-energy limit of heterotic super-symmetric string theory. This paper deals with gravitational collapse of a perfect fluid in Einstein–Gauss–Bonnet gravity by considering the Lemaitre–Tolman–Bondi metric. For this purpose, the closed form of the exact solution of the equations of motion has been determined by using the conservation of the stress-energy tensor and the condition of marginally bound shells. It has been investigated that the presence of a Gauss–Bonnet coupling term and the pressure of the fluid modifies the structure and time formation of singularity. In this analysis a singularity forms earlier than a horizon, so the end state of the collapse is a naked singularity depending on the initial data. But this singularity is weak and timelike, which goes against the investigation of general relativity."
"Motivated by the recent hints of lepton flavour non-universality in &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt;-meson semi-leptonic decays, we study the constraints of perturbative unitarity on the new physics interpretation of the anomalies in and transitions. Within an effective field theory approach we find that fermion scattering amplitudes saturate the unitarity bound below 9 and 80 TeV, respectively for and transitions. Stronger bounds, up to few TeV, are obtained when the leading effective operators are oriented in the direction of the third generation, as suggested by flavour models. We finally address unitarity constraints on simplified models explaining the anomalies and show that the new physics interpretation is ruled out in a class of perturbative realizations."
"We perform a comparative study of the reach of future collider options for the scale of non-resonant new physics effects in the top quark sector, phrased in the language of higher-dimensional operators. Our focus is on the electroweak top quark pair production process , and we study benchmark scenarios at the ILC and CLIC. We find that both are able to constrain mass scales up to the few range in the most sensitive cases, improving by orders of magnitude on the forecast capabilities of the LHC. We discuss the role played by observables such as forward–backward asymmetries, and making use of different beam polarisation settings, and highlight the possibility of lifting a degeneracy in the allowed parameter space by combining top observables with precision &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt;-pole measurements from LEP1."
"In the context of dilaton coupled Einstein gravity with a negative cosmological constant and a Born–Infeld field, we study heat engines where a charged black hole is the working substance. Using the existence of a notion of thermodynamic mass and volume (which depend on the dilaton coupling), the mechanical work takes place via the &lt;i&gt;pdV&lt;i/&gt; terms present in the first law of extended gravitational thermodynamics. The efficiency is analyzed as a function of dilaton and Born–Infeld couplings, and the results are compared with analogous computations in the related conformal solutions in the Brans–Dicke–Born–Infeld theory and black holes in anti-de Sitter space-time."
"We apply a phase space expansion scheme to incorporate the &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt;-body scattering processes in the S-matrix formulation of statistical mechanics. A generalized phase shift function suitable for studying the thermal contribution of processes is motivated and examined in various models. Using the expansion scheme, we revisit how the hadron resonance gas model emerges from the S-matrix framework, and consider an example of structureless scattering in which the phase shift function can be exactly worked out. Finally we analyze the influence of dynamics on the phase shift function in a simple example of 3- and 4-body scattering."
"We report a study of the CUORE sensitivity to neutrinoless double beta () decay. We used a Bayesian analysis based on a toy Monte Carlo (MC) approach to extract the exclusion sensitivity to the decay half-life () at  credibility interval (CI) – i.e. the interval containing the true value of with probability – and the discovery sensitivity. We consider various background levels and energy resolutions, and describe the influence of the data division in subsets with different background levels. If the background level and the energy resolution meet the expectation, CUORE will reach a  CI exclusion sensitivity of  year with 3 months, and  year with 5 years of live time. Under the same conditions, the discovery sensitivity after 3 months and 5 years will be  year and  year, respectively."
"Detailed measurements of &lt;i&gt;t&lt;i/&gt;-channel single top-quark production are presented. They use 20.2 fb of data collected by the ATLAS experiment in proton–proton collisions at a centre-of-mass energy of 8 TeV at the LHC. Total, fiducial and differential cross-sections are measured for both top-quark and top-antiquark production. The fiducial cross-section is measured with a precision of 5.8% (top quark) and 7.8% (top antiquark), respectively. The total cross-sections are measured to be for top-quark production and for top-antiquark production, in agreement with the Standard Model prediction. In addition, the ratio of top-quark to top-antiquark production cross-sections is determined to be . The differential cross-sections as a function of the transverse momentum and rapidity of both the top quark and the top antiquark are measured at both the parton and particle levels. The transverse momentum and rapidity differential cross-sections of the accompanying jet from the &lt;i&gt;t&lt;i/&gt;-channel scattering are measured at particle level. All measurements are compared to various Monte Carlo predictions as well as to fixed-order QCD calculations where available."
"As we know that the Lovelock theory is an extension of the general relativity to the higher-dimensions, in this theory the first- and the second-order terms correspond to general relativity and the Einstein–Gauss–Bonnet gravity, respectively. We obtain a 5D black hole solution in Einstein–Gauss–Bonnet gravity surrounded by the quintessence matter, and we also analyze their thermodynamical properties. Owing to the quintessence corrected black hole, the thermodynamic quantities have also been corrected except for the black hole entropy, and a phase transition is achievable. The phase transition for the thermodynamic stability is characterized by a discontinuity in the specific heat at , with the stable (unstable) branch for ."
"The critical phenomena of dilaton black holes are probed from a totally different perspective other than the &lt;i&gt;P&lt;i/&gt;–&lt;i&gt;v&lt;i/&gt; criticality and the &lt;i&gt;q&lt;i/&gt;–&lt;i&gt;U&lt;i/&gt; criticality discussed in former literature. We investigate not only the two point correlation function but also the entanglement entropy of dilaton black holes. For both the two point correlation function and the entanglement entropy we consider cases due to different choices of parameters. The van der Waals-like behavior can be clearly witnessed from all the &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;– (&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;–) graphs for . Moreover, the effects of dilaton gravity and the spacetime dimensionality on the phase structure of dilaton black holes are disclosed. Furthermore, we discuss the stability of dilaton black holes by applying the analogous specific heat definition and remove the unstable branch by introducing a bar . It is shown that the first order phase transition temperature is affected by both and &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt;. The analogous equal area laws for both the &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;– graph and the &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;– graph are examined numerically. The relative errors for all cases are small enough so that we can safely conclude that the analogous equal area laws hold for &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;– (&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;–) graph of dilaton black holes."
"We propose the generalized holographic dark energy model where the infrared cutoff is identified with the combination of the FRW universe parameters: the Hubble rate, particle and future horizons, cosmological constant, the universe lifetime (if finite) and their derivatives. It is demonstrated that with the corresponding choice of the cutoff one can map such holographic dark energy to modified gravity or gravity with a general fluid. Explicitly, &lt;i&gt;F&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity and the general perfect fluid are worked out in detail and the corresponding infrared cutoff is found. Using this correspondence, we get realistic inflation or viable dark energy or a unified inflationary-dark energy universe in terms of covariant holographic dark energy."
"We discuss application of formalism of small-&lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt; effective action for reggeized gluons (Gribov, Sov. Phys. JETP 26:414, 1968; Lipatov, Nucl. Phys. B 452:369, 1995; Lipatov, Phys. Rep. 286:131, 1997; Lipatov, Subnucl. Ser. 49:131, 2013; Lipatov, Int. J. Mod. Phys. Conf. Ser. 39:1560082, 2015; Lipatov, Int. J. Mod. Phys. A 31(28/29):1645011, 2016; Lipatov, EPJ Web Conf. 125:01010, 2016; Lipatov, Sov. J. Nucl. Phys. 23:338, 1976; Kuraev et al., Sov. Phys. JETP 45:199, 1977; Kuraev et al., Zh Eksp, Teor. Fiz. 72:377, 1977; Balitsky and Lipatov, Sov. J. Nucl. Phys. 28:822, 1978; Balitsky and Lipatov, Yad. Fiz. 28:1597 1978), for the calculation of classical gluon field of relativistic color charge, similarly to that done in CGC approach of McLerran and Venugopalan, Phys. Rev. D 49:2233 (1994), Jalilian-Marian et al., Phys. Rev. D 55:5414 (1997), Jalilian-Marian et al., Nucl. Phys. B 504:415 (1997), Jalilian-Marian et al., Phys. Rev. D 59:014014 (1998), Jalilian-Marian et al., Phys. Rev. D 59:014015 (1998), Iancu et al., Nucl. Phys. A 692:583 (2001), Iancu et al., Phys. Lett. B 510:133 (2001), Ferreiro et al., Nucl. Phys. A 703:489 (2002). The equations of motion with the reggeon fields are solved in LO and NLO approximations and new solutions are found. The results are compared to the calculations performed in the CGC framework and it is demonstrated that the LO CGC results for the classical field are reproduced in our calculations. Possible applications of the NLO solution in the effective action and CGC frameworks are discussed as well."
"The maximum allowable size of a spherical cosmic structure as a function of its mass is determined by the maximum turn around radius , the distance from its center where the attraction on a radial test particle due to the spherical mass is balanced with the repulsion due to the ambient dark energy. In this work, we extend the existing results in several directions. (a) We first show that, for , the expression for found earlier, using the cosmological perturbation theory, can be derived using a static geometry as well. (b) In the generic dark energy model with arbitrary time dependent state parameter &lt;i&gt;w&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;t&lt;i/&gt;), taking into account the effect of inhomogeneities upon the dark energy as well, it is shown that the data constrain . (c) We address the quintessence and the generalized Chaplygin gas models, both of which are shown to predict structure sizes consistent with observations."
NaN
"We propose an approach to DGLAP evolution at small &lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt; that circumvents the usual problem that a perturbation expansion is not valid there. The data for the charm structure function are important to motivate the method, and it describes them much more successfully than the conventional approach."
"By using the known operator product expansions (OPEs) between the lowest 16 higher spin currents of spins in an extension of the large linear superconformal algebra, one determines the OPEs between the lowest 16 higher spin currents in an extension of the large nonlinear superconformal algebra for generic &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;k&lt;i/&gt;. The Wolf space coset contains the group and the affine Kac–Moody spin 1 current has the level &lt;i&gt;k&lt;i/&gt;. The next 16 higher spin currents of spins arise in the above OPEs. The most general lowest higher spin 2 current in this multiplet can be determined in terms of affine Kac–Moody spin currents. By careful analysis of the zero mode (higher spin) eigenvalue equations, the three-point functions of bosonic higher spin 2, 3, 4 currents with two scalars are obtained for finite &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;k&lt;i/&gt;. Furthermore, we also analyze the three-point functions of bosonic higher spin 2, 3, 4 currents in the extension of the large linear superconformal algebra. It turns out that the three-point functions of higher spin 2, 3 currents in the two cases are equal to each other at finite &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;k&lt;i/&gt;. Under the large (&lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;k&lt;i/&gt;) ’t Hooft limit, the two descriptions for the three-point functions of higher spin 4 current coincide with each other. The higher spin extension of &lt;i&gt;SO&lt;i/&gt;(4) Knizhnik Bershadsky algebra is described."
"The quantum mechanical generation of hypermagnetic and hyperlectric fields in four-dimensional conformally flat background geometries rests on the simultaneous continuity of the effective horizon and of the extrinsic curvature across the inflationary boundary. The junction conditions for the gauge fields are derived in general terms and corroborated by explicit examples with particular attention to the limit of a sudden (but nonetheless continuous) transition of the effective horizon. After reducing the dynamics to a pair of integral equations related by duality transformations, we compute the power spectra and deduce a novel class of logarithmic corrections which turn out to be, however, numerically insignificant and overwhelmed by the conductivity effects once the gauge modes reenter the effective horizon. In this perspective the magnetogenesis requirements and the role of the postinflationary conductivity are clarified and reappraised. As long as the total duration of the inflationary phase is nearly minimal, quasi-flat hypermagnetic power spectra are comparatively more common than in the case of vacuum initial data."
"The anomalous trilinear gauge couplings of &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; and are studied in with longitudinal beam polarizations using a complete set of polarization asymmetries for the &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; boson. We quantify the goodness of the beam polarization in terms of the likelihood and find the best choice of and polarizations to be (, ), (, ) and (, ) for &lt;i&gt;ZZ&lt;i/&gt;, and combined processes, respectively. Simultaneous limits on anomalous couplings are obtained for these choices of beam polarizations using Markov-Chain–Monte-Carlo (MCMC) for an collider running at GeV and fb. We find the simultaneous limits for these beam polarizations to be comparable with each other and also comparable with the unpolarized beam case."
"We have analyzed in detail four and five point functions of the string theory amplitudes, including a closed string Ramond–Ramond (RR) in an asymmetric picture and either two or three transverse scalar fields in both IIA and IIB. The complete forms of these S-matrices are derived and these asymmetric S-matrices are also compared with their own symmetric results. This leads us to explore two different kinds of bulk singularity structures as well as various new couplings in the asymmetric picture of the amplitude in type II string theory. All order higher derivative corrections to these new couplings have been discovered as well. Several remarks for these two new bulk singularity structures and for contact interactions of the S-matrix have also been made."
"In the framework of the Einstein–Maxwell-axion theory we consider static spherically symmetric solutions which describe a magnetic monopole in the axionic environment. These solutions are interpreted as the solutions for an axionic dyon, the electric charge of which is composite, i.e. in addition to the standard central electric charge it includes an effective electric charge induced by the axion–photon coupling. We focus on the analysis of those solutions which are characterized by the electric field regular at the center. Special attention is paid to the solutions with the electric field that is vanishing at the center, and that has the Coulombian asymptote, and thus displays an extremum at some distant sphere. Constraints on the electric and effective scalar charges of such an object are discussed."
"In a perturbative QCD approach we study the direct &lt;i&gt;CP&lt;i/&gt; violation in the pure annihilation decay process of induced by the and double resonance effect. Generally, the &lt;i&gt;CP&lt;i/&gt; violation is small in the pure annihilation type decay process. However, we find that the &lt;i&gt;CP&lt;i/&gt; violation can be enhanced by double – interference when the invariant masses of the pairs are in the vicinity of the resonance. For the decay process of , the &lt;i&gt;CP&lt;i/&gt; violation can reach ."
"We relate the forward two-photon exchange (TPE) amplitudes to integrals of the inclusive lepton–proton scattering cross sections. These relations yield an alternative way for the evaluation of the TPE correction to hyperfine-splitting (HFS) in the hydrogen-like atoms with an equivalent to the standard approach (Iddings, Drell and Sullivan) result implying the Burkhardt–Cottingham sum rule. For evaluation of the individual effects (e.g., elastic contribution) our approach yields a distinct result. We compare both methods numerically on examples of the elastic contribution and the full TPE correction to HFS in electronic and muonic hydrogen."
"We present NNFF1.0, a new determination of the fragmentation functions (FFs) of charged pions, charged kaons, and protons/antiprotons from an analysis of single-inclusive hadron production data in electron–positron annihilation. This determination, performed at leading, next-to-leading, and next-to-next-to-leading order in perturbative QCD, is based on the NNPDF methodology, a fitting framework designed to provide a statistically sound representation of FF uncertainties and to minimise any procedural bias. We discuss novel aspects of the methodology used in this analysis, namely an optimised parametrisation of FFs and a more efficient minimisation strategy, and validate the FF fitting procedure by means of closure tests. We then present the NNFF1.0 sets, and discuss their fit quality, their perturbative convergence, and their stability upon variations of the kinematic cuts and the fitted dataset. We find that the systematic inclusion of higher-order QCD corrections significantly improves the description of the data, especially in the small-&lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt; region. We compare the NNFF1.0 sets to other recent sets of FFs, finding in general a reasonable agreement, but also important differences. Together with existing sets of unpolarised and polarised parton distribution functions (PDFs), FFs and PDFs are now available from a common fitting framework for the first time."
"We investigate the accretion of test fluids onto regular black holes such as Kehagias–Sfetsos black holes and regular black holes with Dagum distribution function. We analyze the accretion process when different test fluids are falling onto these regular black holes. The accreting fluid is being classified through the equation of state according to the features of regular black holes. The behavior of fluid flow and the existence of sonic points is being checked for these regular black holes. It is noted that the three-velocity depends on critical points and the equation of state parameter on phase space."
"We consider the cosmological implications of a gravitational theory containing two vector fields coupled via a generalized Chern–Simons term. One of the vector fields is the usual Maxwell field, while the other is a constrained vector field with constant norm included in the action via a Lagrange multiplier. The theory admits a de Sitter type solution, with healthy cosmological perturbations. We also show that there are seven degrees of freedom that propagate on top of de Sitter space-time, consisting of two tensor polarizations, four degrees of freedom related to the two vector fields, and a scalar degree of freedom that makes one of the vector fields massive. We investigate the cosmological evolution of Bianchi type I space-time, by assuming that the matter content of the Universe can be described by the stiff and dust. The cosmological evolution of the Bianchi type I Universe strongly depends on the initial conditions of the physical quantities, as well as on the model parameters. The mean anisotropy parameter, and the deceleration parameter, are also studied, and we show that independently of the matter equation of state the cosmological evolution of the Bianchi type I Universe always ends in an isotropic de Sitter type phase."
"We investigate the phenomenology of Composite 2-Higgs doublet models (C2HDMs) of various Yukawa types based on the global symmetry breaking . The kinetic part and the Yukawa Lagrangian are constructed in terms of the pseudo Nambu–Goldstone Boson (pNGB) matrix and a &lt;b&gt;6&lt;b/&gt;-plet of fermions under &lt;i&gt;SO&lt;i/&gt;(6). The scalar potential is assumed to be the same as that of the Elementary 2-Higgs doublet model (E2HDM) with a softly broken discrete symmetry. We then discuss the phenomenological differences between the E2HDM and C2HDM by focusing on the deviations from standard model (SM) couplings of the discovered Higgs state (&lt;i&gt;h&lt;i/&gt;) as well as on the production cross sections and branching ratios (BRs) at the large Hadron collider (LHC) of extra Higgs bosons. We find that, even if the same deviation in the &lt;i&gt;hVV&lt;i/&gt; () coupling is assumed in the two scenarios, there appear significant differences between the E2HDM and C2HDM from the structure of the Yukawa couplings, so that production and decay features of extra Higgs bosons can be used to distinguish between the two scenarios."
"We extend the SU(3) Nambu–Jona-Lasinio (NJL) model to include two types of vector interaction. Using these two types of vector interaction in NJL model, we study the quark symmetry free energy in asymmetric quark matter, the constituent quark mass, the quark fraction, the equation of state (EOS) for -equilibrium quark matter, the maximum mass of QSs at finite temperature, the maximum mass of proto-quark stars (PQSs) along the star evolution, and the effects of the vector interaction on the QCD phase diagram. We find that comparing zero temperature case, the values of quark matter symmetry free energy get larger with temperature increasing, which will reduce the difference between the fraction of &lt;i&gt;u&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;d&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;s&lt;i/&gt; quarks and stiffen the EoS for -equilibrium quark matter. In particular, our results indicate that the maximum masses of the quark stars increase with temperature because of the effects of the quark matter symmetry free energy, and we find that the heating(cooling) process for PQSs will increase (decrease) the maximum mass within NJL model."
"This article deals with two main topics. One is odd parity trace anomalies in Weyl fermion theories in a 4d curved background, the second is the introduction of axial gravity. The motivation for reconsidering the former is to clarify the theoretical background underlying the approach and complete the calculation of the anomaly. The reference is in particular to the difference between Weyl and massless Majorana fermions and to the possible contributions from tadpole and seagull terms in the Feynman diagram approach. A first, basic, result of this paper is that a more thorough treatment, taking account of such additional terms and using dimensional regularization, confirms the earlier result. The introduction of an axial symmetric tensor besides the usual gravitational metric is instrumental to a different derivation of the same result using Dirac fermions, which are coupled not only to the usual metric but also to the additional axial tensor. The action of Majorana and Weyl fermions can be obtained in two different limits of such a general configuration. The results obtained in this way confirm the previously obtained ones."
"As has been done before, we study an unknown coupling function, i.e. , together with a function of torsion and also curvature, i.e. &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) and &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;), generally depending upon a scalar field. In the &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) case, it comes from quantum correlations and other sources. Now, what if beside this term in &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity context, we enhance the action through another term which depends upon both scalar field and its derivatives? In this paper, we have added such an unprecedented term in the generic common action of &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity such that in this new term, an unknown function of torsion has coupled with an unknown function of both scalar field and its derivatives. We explain in detail why we can append such a term. By the Noether symmetry approach, we consider its behavior and effect. We show that it does not produce an anomaly, but rather it works successfully, and numerical analysis of the exact solutions of field equations coincides with all most important observational data, particularly late-time-accelerated expansion. So, this new term may be added to the gravitational actions of &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity."
"We investigate the production cross sections, momentum distributions and rapidity distributions for doubly charmed baryons which according to the intrinsic heavy quark mechanism are produced nearly at rest. These events should be measurable at fixed-target experiments like STAR@RHIC and AFTER@LHC."
"Recent experiments on decays have provided an extremely precise knowledge of the amplitudes across the Dalitz region which represent stringent constraints on theoretical descriptions. We reconsider an approach in which the low-energy chiral expansion is assumed to be optimally convergent in an unphysical region surrounding the Adler zero, and the amplitude in the physical region is uniquely deduced by an analyticity-based extrapolation using the Khuri–Treiman dispersive formalism. We present an extension of the usual formalism which implements the leading inelastic effects from the channel in the final-state interaction as well as in the initial-state interaction. The constructed amplitude has an enlarged region of validity and accounts in a realistic way for the influence of the two light scalar resonances and in the dispersive integrals. It is shown that the effect of these resonances in the low-energy region of the decay is not negligible, in particular for the mode, and improves the description of the energy variation across the Dalitz plot. Some remarks are made on the scale dependence and the value of the double quark mass ratio &lt;i&gt;Q&lt;i/&gt;."
"In this work, we study the late-time cosmological solutions of models assuming that the conservation of the energy-momentum tensor (EMT) is violated. We perform our analysis through constructing an autonomous dynamical system for the equations of motion. We study the stability properties of solutions via considering linear perturbations about the related equilibrium points. Moreover, we parameterize the Lagrangian by introducing the parameters &lt;i&gt;m&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;r&lt;i/&gt;) and &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;s&lt;i/&gt;). These parameters which are constructed out of the functions and play the main role in finding the late-time behavior of the solutions. We find that there exist, in general, three classes of solutions; all models with include a proper transition from a prolonged matter era to a de Sitter solution. Models with and , for at least a root of equation , include an unphysical dark energy solution preceding an improper matter era. Finally, for there is a transient accelerated expansion era with before a de Sitter phase. For all cases, in order to have a long enough matter dominated epoch, the condition for must hold. We also show that models with a power law dependency i.e., can be observationally motivating for and and therefore could provide a suitable setting for later investigations."
"We discuss a small-scale experiment, called -cleus, for the first detection of coherent neutrino–nucleus scattering by probing nuclear-recoil energies down to the 10 eV regime. The detector consists of low-threshold CaWO and AlO calorimeter arrays with a total mass of about 10 g and several cryogenic veto detectors operated at millikelvin temperatures. Realizing a fiducial volume and a multi-element target, the detector enables active discrimination of , neutron and surface backgrounds. A first prototype AlO device, operated above ground in a setup without shielding, has achieved an energy threshold of  eV and further improvements are in reach. A sensitivity study for the detection of coherent neutrino scattering at nuclear power plants shows a unique discovery potential (5) within a measuring time of  weeks. Furthermore, a site at a thermal research reactor and the use of a radioactive neutrino source are investigated. With this technology, real-time monitoring of nuclear power plants is feasible."
"We perform a general computational analysis of possible post-collision mass distributions in high-speed galaxy cluster collisions in the presence of self-interacting dark matter. Using this analysis, we show that astrophysically weakly self-interacting dark matter can impart subtle yet measurable features in the mass distributions of colliding galaxy clusters even without significant disruptions to the dark matter halos of the colliding galaxy clusters themselves. Most profound such evidence is found to reside in the tails of dark matter halos’ distributions, in the space between the colliding galaxy clusters. Such features appear in our simulations as shells of scattered dark matter expanding in alignment with the outgoing original galaxy clusters, contributing significant densities to projected mass distributions at large distances from collision centers and large scattering angles of up to . Our simulations indicate that as much as 20% of the total collision’s mass may be deposited into such structures without noticeable disruptions to the main galaxy clusters. Such structures at large scattering angles are forbidden in purely gravitational high-speed galaxy cluster collisions. Convincing identification of such structures in real colliding galaxy clusters would be a clear indication of the self-interacting nature of dark matter. Our findings may offer an explanation for the ring-like dark matter feature recently identified in the long-range reconstructions of the mass distribution of the colliding galaxy cluster CL0024+017."
"In the previous paper, we have constructed two &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) models with non-minimal torsion–matter coupling extension, which are successful in describing the evolution history of the Universe including the radiation-dominated era, the matter-dominated era, and the present accelerating expansion. Meantime, the significant advantage of these models is that they could avoid the cosmological constant problem of CDM. However, the non-minimal coupling between matter and torsion will affect the tests of the Solar system. In this paper, we study the effects of the Solar system in these models, including the gravitation redshift, geodetic effect and perihelion precession. We find that Model I can pass all three of the Solar system tests. For Model II, the parameter is constrained by the uncertainties of the planets’ estimated perihelion precessions."
"In this paper we perform a systematic study of spatially flat -dimensional Einstein–Gauss–Bonnet cosmological models with -term. We consider models that topologically are the product of two flat isotropic subspaces with different scale factors. One of these subspaces is three-dimensional and represents our space and the other is &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt;-dimensional and represents extra dimensions. We consider no &lt;i&gt;ansatz&lt;i/&gt; of the scale factors, which makes our results quite general. With both Einstein–Hilbert and Gauss–Bonnet contributions in play, and the general cases have slightly different dynamics due to the different structure of the equations of motion. We analytically study the equations of motion in both cases and describe all possible regimes with special interest on the realistic regimes. Our analysis suggests that the only realistic regime is the transition from high-energy (Gauss–Bonnet) Kasner regime, which is the standard cosmological singularity in that case, to the anisotropic exponential regime with expanding three and contracting extra dimensions. Availability of this regime allows us to put a constraint on the value of Gauss–Bonnet coupling and the -term – this regime appears in two regions on the plane: , , and , , including the entire region. The obtained bounds are confronted with the restrictions on and from other considerations, like causality, entropy-to-viscosity ratio in AdS/CFT and others. Joint analysis constrains (, ) even further: , with ."
"Using a new recently compiled milliarcsecond compact radio data set of 120 intermediate-luminosity quasars in the redshift range , whose statistical linear sizes show negligible dependence on redshifts and intrinsic luminosity and thus represent standard rulers in cosmology, we constrain three viable and most popular &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity models, where &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt; is the torsion scalar in teleparallel gravity. Our analysis reveals that constraining power of the quasars data () is comparable to the Union2.1 SN Ia data () for all three &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) models. Together with other standard ruler probes such as cosmic microwave background and baryon acoustic oscillation distance measurements, the present value of the matter density parameter obtained by quasars is much larger than that derived from other observations. For one of the models considered (CDM) a small but noticeable deviation from CDM cosmology is present, while in the framework of CDM the effective equation of state may cross the phantom divide line at lower redshifts. These results indicate that intermediate-luminosity quasars could provide an effective observational probe comparable to SN Ia at much higher redshifts, and &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity is a reasonable candidate for the modified gravity theory."
"If we apply the path-integral formulation in order to analyze the particle creation process of black holes inside the non-linear formulation of massive gravity, it is possible to demonstrate that the effect of the extra degrees of freedom is to deform the periodicity of the poles of the propagator in the complex &lt;i&gt;t&lt;i/&gt;-plane. This might create the effect of extra particle creation process at scales where the extra degrees of freedom become relevant. For stationary solutions, depending on the values taken by the free parameters of the theory, the periodicity structure of the propagator reveal two effects. The first one is a shift on the positions of the pole of the propagator with respect to the GR case, affecting then the instant at which the particles are detected. The second one is the existence of branch points, affecting then the perception of particles. The branch point can be finite (including the zero order case) or infinite, depending on the free parameters of the theory."
"In this work the Klein–Gordon equation for a complex scalar field with &lt;i&gt;U&lt;i/&gt;(1) symmetry endowed in a mexican-hat scalar field potential with thermal and electromagnetic contributions is written as a Gross–Pitaevskii (GP)-like equation. This equation is interpreted as a charged generalization of the GP equation at finite temperatures found in previous works. Its hydrodynamical representation is obtained and the corresponding thermodynamical properties are derived and related to measurable quantities. The condensation temperature in the non-relativistic regime associated with the aforementioned system within the semiclassical approximation is calculated. Also, a generalized equation for the conservation of energy for a charged bosonic gas is found when electromagnetic fields are introduced, and it is studied how under certain circumstances its breaking of symmetry can give some insight on the phase transition of the system not just into the condensed phase but also on other related systems"
"We study the dark matter (DM) discovery prospect and its spin discrimination in the theoretical framework of gauge invariant and renormalizable Higgs portal DM models at the ILC with GeV. In such models, the DM pair is produced in association with a &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; boson. In the case of the singlet scalar DM, the mediator is just the SM Higgs boson, whereas for the fermion or vector DM there is an additional singlet scalar mediator that mixes with the SM Higgs boson, which produces significant observable differences. After careful investigation of the signal and backgrounds both at parton level and at detector level, we find the signal with hadronically decaying &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; boson provides a better search sensitivity than the signal with leptonically decaying &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; boson. Taking the fermion DM model as a benchmark scenario, when the DM-mediator coupling is relatively small, the DM signals are discoverable only for benchmark points with relatively light scalar mediator . The spin discriminating from scalar DM is always promising, while it is difficult to discriminate from vector DM. As for approaching the perturbative limit, benchmark points with the mediator in the full mass region of interest are discoverable. The spin discriminating aspects from both the scalar and the fermion DM are quite promising."
"The semileptonic decay asymmetry is studied within the open quantum systems approach to the physics of the neutral meson – system: this extended treatment takes into account possible non-standard, dissipative effects induced by the presence of an external environment. A bound on these effects is provided through the analysis of available experimental data from the Belle Collaboration."
"The decay has received comparatively less attention than the semileptonic decay , because neutrinos pass undetected and hence the process offers lesser number of observables. We show how the decay invisible(s) can shed light, even with a limited number of observables, on possible new physics beyond the Standard Model and also show, quantitatively, the reach of future &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt; factories like SuperBelle to uncover such new physics. Depending on the operator structure of new physics, different channels may act as the best possible probe. We show, using the optimal observable technique, how almost the entire parameter space allowed till now can successfully be probed at a high-luminosity &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt; factory."
"For the search for charginos and neutralinos in the Minimal Supersymmetric Standard Model (MSSM) as well as for future precision analyses of these particles an accurate knowledge of their production and decay properties is mandatory. We evaluate the cross sections for the chargino and neutralino production at colliders in the MSSM with complex parameters (cMSSM). The evaluation is based on a full one-loop calculation of the production mechanisms and   including soft and hard photon radiation. We mostly restricted ourselves to a version of our renormalization scheme which is valid for and to simplify the analysis, even though we are able to switch to other parameter regions and correspondingly different renormalization schemes. The dependence of the chargino/neutralino cross sections on the relevant cMSSM parameters is analyzed numerically. We find sizable contributions to many production cross sections. They amount to roughly of the tree-level results but can go up to or higher in extreme cases. Also the complex phase dependence of the one-loop corrections was found non-negligible. The full one-loop contributions are thus crucial for physics analyses at a future linear collider such as the ILC or CLIC."
"An intermediate inflationary Universe model in the context of non-minimal coupling to the scalar curvature is analyzed. We will conduct our analysis in the slow-roll approximation of the inflationary dynamics and the cosmological perturbations considering a coupling of the form . Considering the trajectories in the &lt;i&gt;r&lt;i/&gt;– plane from the Planck data, we find the constraints on the parameter space in our model."
"This paper is devoted to an investigation of nonlinearly charged dilatonic black holes in the context of gravity’s rainbow with two cases: (1) by considering the usual entropy, (2) in the presence of first order logarithmic correction of the entropy. First, exact black hole solutions of dilatonic Born–Infeld gravity with an energy dependent Liouville-type potential are obtained. Then, thermodynamic properties of the mentioned cases are studied, separately. It will be shown that although mass, entropy and the heat capacity are modified due to the presence of a first order correction, the temperature remains independent of it. Furthermore, it will be shown that divergences of the heat capacity, hence phase transition points are also independent of a first order correction, whereas the stability conditions are highly sensitive to variation of the correction parameter. Except for the effects of a first order correction, we will also present a limit on the values of the dilatonic parameter and show that it is possible to recognize AdS and dS thermodynamical behaviors for two specific branches of the dilatonic parameter. In addition, the effects of nonlinear electromagnetic field and energy functions on the thermodynamical behavior of the solutions will be highlighted and dependency of critical behavior, on these generalizations will be investigated."
"This paper presents a study of and triboson production using events from proton–proton collisions at a centre-of-mass energy of recorded with the ATLAS detector at the LHC and corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 20.2 fb. The production cross-section is determined using a final state containing an electron, a muon, a photon, and neutrinos (). Upper limits on the production cross-section of the final state and the and final states containing an electron or a muon, two jets, a photon, and a neutrino ( or ) are also derived. The results are compared to the cross-sections predicted by the Standard Model at next-to-leading order in the strong-coupling constant. In addition, upper limits on the production cross-sections are derived in a fiducial region optimised for a search for new physics beyond the Standard Model. The results are interpreted in the context of anomalous quartic gauge couplings using an effective field theory. Confidence intervals at 95% confidence level are derived for the 14 coupling coefficients to which and production are sensitive."
"In this paper, we study and predict flow observables in 2.76 and 5.02 A TeV Pb + Pb collisions, using the iEBE-VISHNU hybrid model with TRENTo and AMPT initial conditions and with different forms of the QGP transport coefficients. With properly chosen and tuned parameter sets, our model calculations can nicely describe various flow observables in 2.76 A TeV Pb + Pb collisions, as well as the measured flow harmonics of all charged hadrons in 5.02 A TeV Pb + Pb collisions. We also predict other flow observables, including of identified particles, event-by-event distributions, event-plane correlations, (normalized) symmetric cumulants, non-linear response coefficients and -dependent factorization ratios, in 5.02 A TeV Pb + Pb collisions. We find many of these observables to remain approximately the same values as the ones in 2.76 A TeV Pb + Pb collisions. Our theoretical studies and predictions could shed light to the experimental investigations in the near future."
"Leptogenesis is an appealing framework to account for the baryon asymmetry in the universe. To this end physics beyond the standard model is demanded. In this paper we investigate the possibility to attain successful leptogenesis with composite Majorana neutrinos. We work in the framework of effective gauge-mediated and contact interactions without any reference to an underlying compositeness theory. This approach is the one adopted in all current experimental searches for composite fermions at colliders. In the case of gauge-mediated interactions, we calculate the CP asymmetry in heavy composite neutrino decays. Both the direct and the indirect CP asymmetry are derived and resonant leptogenesis is also discussed. We find that the Sakharov conditions can be met and, for some choice of the parameters, the correct order of magnitude of the baryon asymmetry is reproduced."
"The null result in the LHC may indicate that the standard model is not drastically modified up to very high scales, such as the GUT/string scale. Having this in the mind, we suggest a novel leptogenesis scenario realized in the false vacuum of the Higgs field. If the Higgs field develops a large vacuum expectation value in the early universe, a lepton number violating process is enhanced, which we use for baryogenesis. To demonstrate the scenario, several models are discussed. For example, we show that the observed baryon asymmetry is successfully generated in the standard model with higher-dimensional operators."
"In this article, we study the scalar-diquark–scalar-diquark–scalar-diquark type hexaquark state with the QCD sum rules by carrying out the operator product expansion up to the vacuum condensates of dimension 16. We obtain a lowest hexaquark mass of , which can be confronted with the experimental data in the future."
"In analogy with spontaneous magnetization of ferromagnets below the Curie temperature, a neutron star (NS), with a compactness above a certain critical value, may undergo spontaneous scalarization and exhibit an interior nontrivial scalar configuration. Consequently, the exterior spacetime is changed, and an external scalar field appears, which subsequently triggers a scalarization of its companion. The dynamical interplay produces a gravitational scalar counterpart of tensor gravitational waves. In this paper, we resort to scalar–tensor theory and demonstrate that the gravitational scalar counterpart from a double neutron star (DNS) and a neutron star–white dwarf (NS-WD) system become massive. We report that (1) a gravitational scalar background field, arising from convergence of external scalar fields, plays the role of gravitational scalar counterpart in scalarized DNS binary, and the appearance of a mass-dimensional constant in a Higgs-like gravitational scalar potential is responsible for a massive gravitational scalar counterpart with a mass of the order of the Planck scale; (2) a dipolar gravitational scalar radiated field, resulting from differing binding energies of NS and WD, plays the role of a gravitational scalar counterpart in scalarized orbital shrinking NS-WDs, which oscillates around a local and scalar-energy-density-dependent minimum of the gravitational scalar potential and obtains a mass of the order of about ."
"We investigate the helicity-dependent generalized parton distributions (GPDs) in momentum as well as transverse position (impact) spaces for the &lt;i&gt;u&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;d&lt;i/&gt; quarks in a proton when the momentum transfer in both the transverse and the longitudinal directions are nonzero. The GPDs are evaluated using the light-front wave functions of a quark–diquark model for nucleon where the wave functions are constructed by the soft-wall AdS/QCD correspondence. We also express the GPDs in the boost-invariant longitudinal position space."
"Adopting a model independent approach, we constrain the various effective interactions of leptophilic DM particles with the visible world from the WMAP and Planck data. The thermally averaged indirect DM annihilation cross section and the DM–electron direct-detection cross section for such a DM candidate are observed to be consistent with the respective experimental data. We study the production of cosmologically allowed leptophilic DM in association with , at the ILC. We perform the analysis and compute the 99% C.L. acceptance contours in the and plane from the two-dimensional differential distributions of various kinematic observables obtained after employing parton showering and hadronisation to the simulated data. We observe that the dominant hadronic channel provides the best kinematic reach of 2.62 TeV ( = 25 GeV), which further improves to 3 TeV for polarised beams at TeV and an integrated luminosity of 1 ab."
"The black hole could have a primordial origin if its mass is less than . The mergers of these black hole binaries generate stochastic gravitational-wave background (SGWB). We investigate the SGWB in high frequency band –. It can be detected by high frequency gravitational-wave detector. Energy density spectrum and amplitude of the SGWB are derived. The upper limit of the energy density spectrum is around . Also, the upper limit of the amplitude ranges from to . The fluctuation of spacetime origin from gravitational wave could give a fluctuation of the background electromagnetic field in a high frequency gravitational-wave detector. The signal photon flux generated by the SGWB in the high frequency band – is derived, which ranges from 1 to . The comparison between the signal photon flux generated by relic gravitational waves (RGWs) and the SGWB is also discussed in this paper. It is shown that the signal photon flux generated by the RGW, which is predicted by the canonical single-field slow-roll inflation models, is sufficiently lower than the one generated by the SGWB in the high frequency band –. Our results indicate that the SGWB in the high frequency band – is more likely to be detected by the high frequency gravitational-wave detector."
"Models for light dark matter particles with masses below 1 GeV/c are a natural and well-motivated alternative to so-far unobserved weakly interacting massive particles. Gram-scale cryogenic calorimeters provide the required detector performance to detect these particles and extend the direct dark matter search program of CRESST. A prototype 0.5 g sapphire detector developed for the -cleus experiment has achieved an energy threshold of  eV. This is one order of magnitude lower than for previous devices and independent of the type of particle interaction. The result presented here is obtained in a setup above ground without significant shielding against ambient and cosmogenic radiation. Although operated in a high-background environment, the detector probes a new range of light-mass dark matter particles previously not accessible by direct searches. We report the first limit on the spin-independent dark matter particle-nucleon cross section for masses between 140 and 500 MeV/c."
"A search for heavy resonances with masses above 1, decaying to final states containing a vector boson and a Higgs boson, is presented. The search considers hadronic decays of the vector boson, and Higgs boson decays to b quarks. The decay products are highly boosted, and each collimated pair of quarks is reconstructed as a single, massive jet. The analysis is performed using a data sample collected in 2016 by the CMS experiment at the LHC in proton-proton collisions at a center-of-mass energy of 13, corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 35.9. The data are consistent with the background expectation and are used to place limits on the parameters of a theoretical model with a heavy vector triplet. In the benchmark scenario with mass-degenerate and bosons decaying predominantly to pairs of standard model bosons, for the first time heavy resonances for masses as high as 3.3 are excluded at 95% confidence level, setting the most stringent constraints to date on such states decaying into a vector boson and a Higgs boson."
"Results are reported from a search for physics beyond the standard model in final states with at least three charged leptons, in any combination of electrons or muons. The data sample corresponds to an integrated luminosity of 2.3 of proton–proton collisions at , recorded by the CMS experiment at the LHC in 2015. Two jets are required in each event, providing good sensitivity to strong production of gluinos and squarks. The search regions, sensitive to a range of different new physics scenarios, are defined using the number of jets tagged as originating from bottom quarks, the sum of the magnitudes of the transverse momenta of the jets, the imbalance in the overall transverse momentum in the event, and the invariant mass of opposite-sign, same-flavor lepton pairs. The event yields observed in data are consistent with the expected background contributions from standard model processes. These results are used to derive limits in terms of &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;-parity conserving simplified models of supersymmetry that describe strong production of gluinos and squarks. Model-independent limits are presented to facilitate the reinterpretation of the results in a broad range of scenarios for physics beyond the standard model."
"The role of double space is essential in the new interpretation of T-duality and consequently in an attempt to construct M-theory. The case of the open string is missing in such an approach because until now there has been no appropriate formulation of open string T-duality. In the previous paper (Sazdović, From geometry to non-geometry via T-duality, arXiv:1606.01938, 2017), we showed how to introduce vector gauge fields and at the end-points of an open string in order to enable open string invariance under local gauge transformations of the Kalb–Ramond field and its T-dual “restricted general coordinate transformations”. We demonstrated that gauge fields and are T-dual to each other. In the present article we prove that all above results can be interpreted as coordinate permutations in double space."
"We consider &lt;i&gt;supersymmetric&lt;i/&gt; (SUSY) and non-SUSY models of chaotic inflation based on the potential with or 4. We show that the coexistence of an exponential non-minimal coupling to gravity with a kinetic mixing of the form can accommodate inflationary observables favored by the &lt;i&gt;Planck&lt;i/&gt; and Bicep2/&lt;i&gt;Keck Array&lt;i/&gt; results for and 2, and where the upper limit is not imposed for . Inflation is of hilltop type and it can be attained for subplanckian inflaton values with the corresponding effective theories retaining the perturbative unitarity up to the Planck scale. The supergravity embedding of these models is achieved employing two chiral gauge singlet supefields, a monomial superpotential and several (semi)logarithmic or semi-polynomial Kähler potentials."
"We generalized our model for the description of hard processes, and calculate the value of the azimuthal angular correlations (Fourier harmonics ), for proton–proton scattering. The energy and multiplicity independence, as well as the value of , turns out to be in accord with the experimental data, or slightly larger. Therefore, before making extreme assumptions on proton–proton collisions, such as the production of a quark–gluon plasma in large multiplicity events, we need to understand how these affect the Bose–Einstein correlations, which have to be taken into account since the Bose–Einstein correlations are able to describe the angular correlations in proton–proton collisions, without including final state interactions."
"We study the influence of a charged-Higgs on the excess of branching fraction ratio, , in a generic two-Higgs-doublet model. In order to investigate the lepton polarization, the detailed decay amplitudes with lepton helicity are given. When the charged-Higgs is used to resolve excesses, it is found that two independent Yukawa couplings are needed to explain the and anomalies. We show that when the upper limit of is included, can be significantly enhanced while . With the constraint, we find that the -lepton polarizations can be still affected by the charged-Higgs effects, where the standard model (SM) predictions are obtained: and , and they can be enhanced to be and by the charged-Higgs. The integrated lepton forward–backward asymmetry (FBA) is also studied, where the SM result is , and they can be enhanced (decreased) to be ."
"The effective action for reggeized gluons is based on the gluodynamic Yang–Mills Lagrangian with external current for longitudinal gluons added, see Lipatov (Nucl Phys B 452:369, 1995; Phys Rep 286:131, 1997; Subnucl Ser 49:131, 2013; Int J Mod Phys Conf Ser 39:1560082, 2015; Int J Mod Phys A 31(28/29):1645011, 2016; EPJ Web Conf 125:01010, 2016). On the base of classical solutions, obtained in Bondarenko et al. (Eur Phys J C 77(8):527, 2017), the one-loop corrections to this effective action in light-cone gauge are calculated. The RFT calculus for reggeized gluons similarly to the RFT introduced in Gribov (Sov Phys JETP 26:414, 1968) is proposed and discussed. The correctness of the results is verified by calculation of the propagators of and reggeized gluons fields and application of the obtained results is discussed as well."
"Under two different metric ansatzes, the noncommutative geometry inspired black holes (NCBH) in the framework of Rastall gravity are derived and analyzed. We consider the fluid-type matter with the Gaussian-distribution smeared mass density. Taking a Schwarzschild-like metric ansatz, it is shown that the noncommutative geometry inspired Schwarzschild black hole (NCSBH) in Rastall gravity, unlike its counterpart in general relativity (GR), is not a regular black hole. It has at most one event horizon. After showing a finite maximal temperature, the black hole will leave behind a point-like massive remnant at zero temperature. Considering a more general metric ansatz and a special equation of state of the matter, we also find a regular NCBH in Rastall gravity, which has a similar geometric structure and temperature to that of NCSBH in GR."
"Even though it is not possible to differentiate general relativity from teleparallel gravity using classical experiments, it could be possible to discriminate between them by quantum gravitational effects. These effects have motivated the introduction of nonlocal deformations of general relativity, and similar effects are also expected to occur in teleparallel gravity. Here, we study nonlocal deformations of teleparallel gravity along with its cosmological solutions. We observe that nonlocal teleparallel gravity (like nonlocal general relativity) is consistent with the present cosmological data obtained by SNe Ia + BAO + CC + observations. Along this track, future experiments probing nonlocal effects could be used to test whether general relativity or teleparallel gravity gives the most consistent picture of gravitational interaction."
"We present a search for a neutrino signal from dark matter self-annihilations in the Milky Way using the IceCube Neutrino Observatory (IceCube). In 1005 days of data we found no significant excess of neutrinos over the background of neutrinos produced in atmospheric air showers from cosmic ray interactions. We derive upper limits on the velocity averaged product of the dark matter self-annihilation cross section and the relative velocity of the dark matter particles . Upper limits are set for dark matter particle candidate masses ranging from 10 GeV up to 1 TeV while considering annihilation through multiple channels. This work sets the most stringent limit on a neutrino signal from dark matter with mass between 10 and 100 GeV, with a limit of for 100 GeV dark matter particles self-annihilating via to neutrinos (assuming the Navarro–Frenk–White dark matter halo profile)."
"We present measurements of , and K spectra in C production interactions at 158  and spectra at 350  using the NA61/SHINE spectrometer at the CERN SPS. Spectra are presented as a function of the Feynman’s variable in the range and for 158 and 350  respectively. Furthermore, we show comparisons with previous measurements and predictions of several hadronic interaction models. These measurements are essential for a better understanding of hadronic shower development and for improving the modeling of cosmic ray air showers."
"We investigate the light-quarkonium spectrum using a covariant Dyson–Schwinger–Bethe–Salpeter-equation approach to QCD. We discuss splittings among as well as orbital angular momentum properties of various states in detail and analyze common features of mass splittings with regard to properties of the effective interaction. In particular, we predict the mass of exotic states, and identify orbital angular momentum content in the excitations of the meson. Comparing our covariant model results, the and its second excitation being predominantly &lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt;-wave, the first excitation being predominantly &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt;-wave, to corresponding conflicting lattice-QCD studies, we investigate the pion-mass dependence of the orbital-angular-momentum assignment and find a crossing at a scale of GeV. If this crossing turns out to be a feature of the spectrum generated by lattice-QCD studies as well, it may reconcile the different results, since they have been obtained at different values of ."
"We perform a global fit within the inert doublet model taking into account experimental observables from colliders, direct and indirect dark matter searches and theoretical constraints. In particular, we consider recent results from searches for dark matter annihilation-induced gamma-rays in dwarf spheroidal galaxies and relax the assumption that the inert doublet model should account for the entire dark matter in the Universe. We, moreover, study in how far the model is compatible with a possible dark matter explanation of the so-called Galactic center excess. We find two distinct parameter space regions that are consistent with existing constraints and can simultaneously explain the excess: One with dark matter masses near the Higgs resonance and one around 72 GeV where dark matter annihilates predominantly into pairs of virtual electroweak gauge bosons via the four-vertex arising from the inert doublet’s kinetic term. We briefly discuss future prospects to probe these scenarios."
"In this paper it is argued how the dynamics of the classical Newtonian N-body system can be described in terms of the Schrödinger–Poisson equations in the large &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt; limit. This result is based on the stochastic quantization introduced by Nelson, and on the Calogero conjecture. According to the Calogero conjecture, the emerging effective Planck constant is computed in terms of the parameters of the N-body system as , where is &lt;i&gt;G&lt;i/&gt; the gravitational constant, &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;M&lt;i/&gt; are the number and the mass of the bodies, and is their average density. The relevance of this result in the context of large scale structure formation is discussed. In particular, this finding gives a further argument in support of the validity of the Schrödinger method as numerical double of the N-body simulations of dark matter dynamics at large cosmological scales."
"We present analytical formulas for the Sommerfeld corrections to the annihilation of massive colored particles into quarks and gluons through the strong interaction. These corrections are essential to accurately compute the dark matter relic density for coannihilation with colored partners. Our formulas allow us to compute the Sommerfeld effect, not only for the lowest term in the angular momentum expansion of the amplitude, but for all orders in the partial wave expansion. In particular, we carefully account for the effects of the spin of the annihilating particle on the symmetry of the two-particle wave function. This work focuses on strongly interacting particles of arbitrary spin in the triplet, sextet and octet color representations. For typical velocities during freeze-out, we find that including Sommerfeld corrections on the next-to-leading order partial wave leads to modifications of up to 10 to 20 percent on the total annihilation cross section. Complementary to QCD, we generalize our results to particles charged under an arbitrary unbroken &lt;i&gt;SU&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt;) gauge group, as encountered in dark glueball models. In connection with this paper a Mathematica notebook is provided to compute the Sommerfeld corrections for colored particles up to arbitrary order in the angular momentum expansion."
"In this study, we focus on the bosonic decays of light charged Higgs bosons in the 2-Higgs Doublet Model (2HDM) Type-I. We quantify the Branching Ratios (BRs) of the and channels and show that they could be substantial over several areas of the parameter space of the 2HDM Type-I that are still allowed by Large Hadron Collider (LHC) and other experimental data as well as theoretical constraints. We suggest that and/or could be used as a feasible discovery channel alternative to ."
"There are two covariant descriptions of massless spin-2 particles in via a symmetric rank-2 tensor: the linearized Einstein–Hilbert (LEH) theory and the Weyl plus transverse diffeomorphism (WTDIFF) invariant model. From the LEH theory one can obtain the linearized new massive gravity (NMG) in via Kaluza–Klein dimensional reduction followed by a dual master action. Here we show that a similar route takes us from the WTDIFF model to a linearized scalar–tensor NMG which belongs to a larger class of consistent spin-0 modifications of NMG. We also show that a traceless master action applied to a parity singlet furnishes two new spin-2 self-dual models. Moreover, we examine the singular replacement and prove that it leads to consistent massive spin-2 models in . They include linearized versions of unimodular topologically massive gravity (TMG) and unimodular NMG. Although the free part of those unimodular theories are Weyl invariant, we do not expect any improvement in the renormalizability. Both the linearized K-term (in NMG) and the linearized gravitational Chern–Simons term (in TMG) are invariant under longitudinal reparametrizations , which is not a symmetry of the WTDIFF Einstein–Hilbert term. Therefore, we still have one degree of freedom whose propagator behaves like for large momentum."
"In the paper, we present exact solutions of gravitational field equations for an anisotropic brane with a Bianchi type I universe with perfect fluid having non-vanishing Weyl tensor of the bulk. It is assumed that the thermodynamic pressure bears a linear relation with the energy density. For a particular non-zero value of the pressure the solutions are obtained in an exact analytic form with and without the cosmological constant for a Bianchi type I universe. The relevant physical quantities associated with the evolution of the universe are also derived in the two cases."
"We analyse the rare processes in view of the recent hints of violations of lepton-flavour universality (LFU) observed in &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt; meson decays. If, as suggested by present data, the new interactions responsible for LFU violations couple mainly to the third generation of left-handed fermions, decays turn out to be particularly interesting: these are the only kaon decays with third-generation leptons (the neutrinos) in the final state. In order to relate &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt;-physics anomalies and &lt;i&gt;K&lt;i/&gt; decays we adopt an effective field theory approach, assuming that the new interactions satisfy an approximate flavour symmetry. In this framework we show that &lt;i&gt;O&lt;i/&gt;(1) deviations from the Standard Model predictions in branching ratios, closely correlated to similar effects in , are naturally expected. The correlation of , , and the LFU violations in &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt; decays would provide a very valuable tool to shed more light on this interesting phenomenon."
"Loop regularization (LORE) is a novel regularization scheme in modern quantum field theories. It makes no change to the spacetime structure and respects both gauge symmetries and supersymmetry. As a result, LORE should be useful in calculating loop corrections in supersymmetry phenomenology. To further demonstrate its power, in this article we revisit in the light of LORE the old issue of the absence of quadratic contributions (quadratic divergences) in softly broken supersymmetric field theories. It is shown explicitly by Feynman diagrammatic calculations that up to two loops the Wess–Zumino model with soft supersymmetry breaking terms (WZ’ model), one of the simplest models with the explicit supersymmetry breaking, is free of quadratic contributions. All the quadratic contributions cancel with each other perfectly, which is consistent with results dictated by the supergraph techniques."
"We present a Lorentz-covariant, Euclidean coordinate-space expression for the hadronic vacuum polarisation, the Adler function and the leading hadronic contribution to the anomalous magnetic moment of the muon. The representation offers a high degree of flexibility for an implementation in lattice QCD. We expect it to be particularly helpful for the quark-line disconnected contributions."
"The ratio of the shear viscosity to the entropy density () is calculated for non-extremal black holes in &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt; dimensions with arbitrary forms of the matter Lagrangian for which the space-time metric takes a particular form. The result reduces to the standard expressions in 5 dimensions. The ratio is then computed for Gauss–Bonnet black holes coupled to Born–Infeld electrodynamics in 5 dimensions. As a result we found corrections as regards the BI parameter and th result is analytically exact up to all orders in this parameter. The computations are then extended to &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt; dimensions."
"Linearized gravity is considered as an ordinary gauge field theory. This implies the need for gauge fixing in order to have well-defined propagators. Only after having achieved this, the most general mass term is added. The aim of this paper is to study of the degrees of freedom of the gauge fixed theory of linearized gravity with mass term. The main result is that, even outside the usual Fierz–Pauli constraint on the mass term, it is possible to choose a gauge fixing belonging to the Landau class, which leads to a massive theory of gravity with the five degrees of freedom of a spin-2 massive particle."
"We investigate the probabilities of the tunneling and the radiation spectra of massive spin-1 particles from arbitrary dimensional Gauss–Bonnet–Axions (GBA) Anti-de Sitter (AdS) black branes, via using the WKB approximation to the Proca spin-1 field equation. The tunneling probabilities and Hawking temperature of the arbitrary dimensional GBA AdS black brane is calculated via the Hamilton–Jacobi approach. We also compute the Hawking temperature via the Parikh–Wilczek tunneling approach. The results obtained from the two methods are consistent. In our setup, the Gauss–Bonnet (GB) coupling affects the Hawking temperature if and only if the momentum of the axion fields is non-vanishing."
"In this paper, we will analyze a supersymmetric field theory deformed by generalized uncertainty principle and Lifshitz scaling. It will be observed that this deformed supersymmetric field theory contains non-local fractional derivative terms. In order to construct such a deformed supersymmetric theory, a harmonic extension of functions will be used. However, the supersymmetry will only be preserved for a free theory and will be broken by the inclusion of interaction terms."
"We compute the one-loop divergences in a higher-derivative theory of gravity including Ricci tensor squared and Ricci scalar squared terms, in addition to the Hilbert and cosmological terms, on an (generally off-shell) Einstein background. We work with a two-parameter family of parametrizations of the graviton field, and a two-parameter family of gauges. We find that there are some choices of gauge or parametrization that reduce the dependence on the remaining parameters. The results are invariant under a recently discovered “duality” that involves the replacement of the densitized metric by a densitized inverse metric as the fundamental quantum variable."
"We analyze the non-leptonic decays with by employing the perturbative QCD (pQCD) factorization approach. Here the branching ratios, the &lt;i&gt;CP&lt;i/&gt; asymmetries and the complete set of polarization observables are investigated systematically. Besides the traditional contributions from the factorizable and non-factorizable diagrams at the leading order, the next-to-leading order (NLO) vertex corrections could also provide considerable contributions. The pQCD predictions for the branching ratios of the decays are consistent with the measured values within errors. As for decays, the branching ratios can reach the order of and could be measured in the LHCb and Belle-II experiments. The numerical results show that the direct &lt;i&gt;CP&lt;i/&gt; asymmetries of the considered decays are very small. Thus the observation of any large direct &lt;i&gt;CP&lt;i/&gt; asymmetry for these decays will be a signal for new physics. The mixing-induced &lt;i&gt;CP&lt;i/&gt; asymmetries in the neutral modes are very close to , which suggests that these channels can give a cross-check on the measurement of the Cabbibo–Kobayashi–Maskawa (CKM) angle and . We find that the longitudinal polarization fractions are suppressed to due to the large non-factorizable contributions. The magnitudes and phases of the two transverse amplitudes and are roughly equal, which is an indication for the approximate light-quark helicity conservation in these decays. The overall polarization observables of and channels are also in good agreement with the experimental measurements as reported by LHCb and BaBar. Other results can also be tested by the LHCb and Belle-II experiments."
"Using decays to -meson pairs, the inclusive production of charmonium states in -hadron decays is studied with &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collision data corresponding to an integrated luminosity of , collected by the LHCb experiment at centre-of-mass energies of 7 and 8 TeV. Denoting by the inclusive branching fraction of a hadron to a charmonium state &lt;i&gt;C&lt;i/&gt; that decays into a pair of mesons, ratios are determined as , , , , and . Here and below the first uncertainties are statistical and the second systematic. Upper limits at 90% confidence level for the inclusive production of &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(3872), &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(3915) and states are obtained as , and . Differential cross-sections as a function of transverse momentum are measured for the and states. The branching fraction of the decay is measured for the first time, . Here the third uncertainty is due to the branching fraction of the decay , which is used for normalization. No evidence for intermediate resonances is seen. A preferentially transverse polarization is observed. The measurements allow the determination of the ratio of the branching fractions for the decays to and as ."
"In the Jacobson formalism general relativity is obtained from thermodynamics. This is done by using the Bekenstein–Hawking entropy–area relation. However, as a black hole gets smaller, its temperature will increase. This will cause the thermal fluctuations to also increase, and these will in turn correct the Bekenstein–Hawking entropy–area relation. Furthermore, with the reduction in the size of the black hole, quantum effects will also start to dominate. Just as the general relativity can be obtained from thermodynamics in the Jacobson formalism, we propose that the quantum fluctuations to the geometry can be obtained from thermal fluctuations."
"In this paper we study a modified version of unimodular general relativity in the context of &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;G&lt;i/&gt;), &lt;i&gt;G&lt;i/&gt; denoting the Gauss–Bonnet invariant. We focus on Bianchi-type I and Friendmann–Robertson–Walker universes and search for unimodular &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;G&lt;i/&gt;) models according to the de Sitter and power-law solutions. Assuming unimodular &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;G&lt;i/&gt;) gravity as a perfect fluid and making use of the slow-roll parameters, the inflationary model has been reconstructed in concordance with the Planck observational data. Moreover, we investigate the realization of the bounce and loop quantum cosmological ekpyrotic paradigms. Assuming suitable and appropriate scale factors, unimodular &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;G&lt;i/&gt;) models able to reproduce superbounce and ekpyrotic scenarios have been reconstructed."
"The disappearance of reactor observed by the Daya Bay experiment is examined in the framework of a model in which the neutrino is described by a wave packet with a relative intrinsic momentum dispersion . Three pairs of nuclear reactors and eight antineutrino detectors, each with good energy resolution, distributed among three experimental halls, supply a high-statistics sample of acquired at nine different baselines. This provides a unique platform to test the effects which arise from the wave packet treatment of neutrino oscillation. The modified survival probability formula was used to fit Daya Bay data, providing the first experimental limits: . Treating the dimensions of the reactor cores and detectors as constraints, the limits are improved: , and an upper limit of (which corresponds to ) is obtained. All limits correspond to a 95% C.L. Furthermore, the effect due to the wave packet nature of neutrino oscillation is found to be insignificant for reactor antineutrinos detected by the Daya Bay experiment thus ensuring an unbiased measurement of the oscillation parameters and within the plane wave model."
"We introduce an extension of the Standard Model and General Relativity built upon the principle of local conformal invariance, which represents a generalization of a previous work by Bars, Steinhardt and Turok. This is naturally realized by adopting as a geometric framework a particular class of non-Riemannian geometries, first studied by Weyl. The gravitational sector is enriched by a scalar and a vector field. The latter has a geometric origin and represents the novel feature of our approach. We argue that physical scales could emerge from a theory with no dimensionful parameters, as a result of the spontaneous breakdown of conformal and electroweak symmetries. We study the dynamics of matter fields in this modified gravity theory and show that test particles follow geodesics of the Levi-Civita connection, thus resolving an old criticism raised by Einstein against Weyl’s original proposal."
"The paper contains an extensive study of the unified first law (UFL) in the Friedmann–Robertson–Walker spacetime model. By projecting the UFL along the Kodama vector the second Friedmann equation can be obtained. Also studying the UFL on the event horizon it is found that the Clausius relation cannot be obtained from the UFL by projecting it along the tangent to the event horizon as it can be for the trapping horizon. However, it is shown in the present work that Clausius relation can be obtained by projecting the UFL along the Kodama vector on the horizon and the result is found to be true for any horizon. Finally motivated by the Unruh temperature for the Rindler observer, surface gravity is redefined and a Clausius relation is obtained from the UFL by projecting it along a vector analogous to the Kodama vector."
"We consider FRW cosmology in modified framework. The Palatini approach reduces its dynamics to the simple generalization of Friedmann equation. Thus we study the dynamics in two-dimensional phase space with some details. After reformulation of the model in the Einstein frame, it reduces to the FRW cosmological model with a homogeneous scalar field and vanishing kinetic energy term. This potential determines the running cosmological constant term as a function of the Ricci scalar. As a result we obtain the emergent dark energy parametrization from the covariant theory. We study also singularities of the model and demonstrate that in the Einstein frame some undesirable singularities disappear."
"We present a duality procedure that relates conventional four-dimensional matter-coupled supergravities to dual formulations in which auxiliary fields are replaced by field strengths of gauge three-forms. The duality promotes specific coupling constants appearing in the superpotential to vacuum expectation values of the field strengths. We then apply this general duality to type IIA string compactifications on Calabi–Yau orientifolds with RR fluxes. This gives a new supersymmetric formulation of the corresponding effective four-dimensional theories which includes gauge three-forms."
"We present a parameter-free scheme to combine fixed-order multi-jet results with parton-shower evolution. The scheme produces jet cross sections with leading-order accuracy in the complete phase space of multiple emissions, resumming large logarithms when appropriate, while not arbitrarily enforcing ordering on momentum configurations beyond the reach of the parton-shower evolution equation. This requires the development of a matrix-element correction scheme for complex phase-spaces including ordering conditions as well as a systematic scale-setting procedure for unordered phase-space points. The resulting algorithm does not require a merging-scale parameter. We implement the new method in the Vincia framework and compare to LHC data."
"In this paper we present a detailed comparison of the dijet production by photon–photon, photon–pomeron and pomeron–pomeron interactions in &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;pA&lt;i/&gt; and collisions at the LHC energy. The transverse momentum, pseudo-rapidity and angular dependencies of the cross sections are calculated at LHC energy using the Forward Physics Monte Carlo (FPMC), which allows one to obtain realistic predictions for the dijet production with two leading intact hadrons. We see that the channel is dominant at forward rapidities in &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collisions and in the full kinematical range in the nuclear collisions of heavy nuclei. Our results indicate that the analysis of dijet production at the LHC can be useful to test the resolved pomeron model as well as to constrain the magnitude of the absorption effects."
"The possible role of the triangle mechanism in the decay into and is investigated. In this process, the triangle singularity appears from the decay of into followed by the decay of into and the fusion of the , which forms the or , which finally decay into or , respectively. The triangle mechanism from the loop generates a peak around 1420 MeV in the invariant mass of or , and it gives sizable branching fractions, and ."
"We consider Unruh–Wald qubit detector model adopted for the far future region of an exactly solvable dimensional scalar field theory in a toy model of Robertson–Walker expanding spacetime. It is shown that the expansion of the spacetime in its history enhances the decoherence of the qubit coupled with a scalar field. Moreover, we consider two entangled qubits, each locally coupled with a scalar field. The expansion of the spacetime in its history degrades the entanglement between the qubits, and it can lead to entanglement’s sudden death if the initial entanglement is small enough. The details depend on the parameters characterizing the expansion of the spacetime. This work, on a toy model, suggests that the history of the spacetime might be probed through the coherent and entanglement behavior of the future detectors of quantum fields. In the present toy model, the two cosmological parameters can be determined from the quantum informational quantities of the detectors."
"In this paper, the color-octet long distance matrix elements are studied through the inclusive production in annihilation within the framework of non-relativistic QCD factorization. The calculations are up-to next-to-leading order with the radiative and relativistic corrections in the energy region of the B-factory and the near-threshold region of . A constraint of the long distance matrix elements (, ) is obtained. Through our estimation, the P-wave color-octet matrix element should be of the order of or less. The constrained region is not compatible with the values of the long distance matrix elements fitted at hadron colliders."
"A new solution satisfying the Karmarkar condition is presented here. We were first to have discovered a hypergeometric function metric potential representing embedding class I spacetime. This new solution yields finite values of metric potentials, density, pressure, redshift, etc. and hence a non-singular solution. The solution is well behaved with respect to the parameter to corresponding to a stable configuration of mass and radius 9.1 km. The internal properties of the solution are very different for to ; however, the total mass and radius is independent of the parameter &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt;. The energy conditions are also holds good by the solution which thus can represent a physically viable matter distribution. The equilibrium condition and stability are also discussed through TOV-equation, cracking method and . The static stability criterion is also well satisfied and the turning point corresponds to for a radius of 9.1 km."
"We examine the phenomenology of the production, at the 13 TeV Large Hadron Collider (LHC), of a heavy resonance &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;, which decays via other new on-shell particles &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt; into multi-(i.e. three or more) photon final states. In the limit that &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt; has a much smaller mass than &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;, the multi-photon final state may dominantly appear as a two-photon final state because the s from the &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt; decay are highly collinear and remain unresolved. We discuss how to discriminate this scenario from : rather than discarding non-isolated photons, it is better to relax the isolation criteria and instead form photon jets substructure variables. The spins of &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt; leave their imprint upon the distribution of pseudo-rapidity gap between the apparent two-photon states. Depending on the total integrated luminosity, this can be used in many cases to claim discrimination between the possible spin choices of &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt;, although the case where &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt; are both scalar particles cannot be discriminated from the direct decay in this manner. Information on the mass of &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt; can be gained by considering the mass of each photon jet."
"In this paper, we present a new approach to the construction of Mellin–Barnes representations for Feynman integrals inspired by the Method of Brackets. The novel technique is helpful to lower the dimensionality of Mellin–Barnes representations in complicated cases, some examples are given."
"Here we show that a massive spin-3/2 field can hide in the SM spectrum in a way revealing itself only virtually. We study collider signatures and loop effects of this field, and determine its role in Higgs inflation and its potential as dark matter. We show that this spin-3/2 field has a rich linear collider phenomenology and motivates consideration of a neutrino–Higgs collider. We also show that the study of Higgs inflation, dark matter and dark energy can reveal more about the neutrino and dark sector."
"In this work we investigate the observability of inert doublet model scalars at the LHC operating at the center of mass energy of 14 TeV. The signal production process is leading to two different final states of and based on the hadronic and leptonic decay channels of the W boson. All the relevant background processes are considered and an event selection is designed to distinguish the signal from the large Standard Model background. We found that signals of the selected search channels are well observable at the LHC with an integrated luminosity of 300 ."
"The lepton identification is essential for the physics programs at high-energy frontier, especially for the precise measurement of the Higgs boson. For this purpose, a toolkit for multivariate data analysis (TMVA) based lepton identification (LICH) has been developed for detectors using high granularity calorimeters. Using the conceptual detector geometry for the Circular Electron–Positron Collider (CEPC) and single charged particle samples with energy larger than 2 GeV, LICH identifies electrons/muons with efficiencies higher than 99.5% and controls the mis-identification rate of hadron to muons/electrons to better than 1/0.5%. Reducing the calorimeter granularity by 1–2 orders of magnitude, the lepton identification performance is stable for particles with GeV. Applied to fully simulated eeH/H events, the lepton identification performance is consistent with the single particle case: the efficiency of identifying all the high energy leptons in an event, is 95.5–98.5%."
"We show that, if they exist, lepton number asymmetries () of neutrino flavors should be distinguished from the ones () of mass eigenstates, since Big Bang Nucleosynthesis (BBN) bounds on the flavor eigenstates cannot be directly applied to the mass eigenstates. Similarly, Cosmic Microwave Background (CMB) constraints on the mass eigenstates do not directly constrain flavor asymmetries. Due to the difference of mass and flavor eigenstates, the cosmological constraint on the asymmetries of neutrino flavors can be much stronger than the conventional expectation, but they are not uniquely determined unless at least the asymmetry of the heaviest neutrino is well constrained. The cosmological constraint on for a specific case is presented as an illustration."
"We consider the full effective theory for quantum gravity at second order in curvature including non-local terms. We show that the theory contains two new degrees of freedom beyond the massless graviton: namely a massive spin-2 ghost and a massive scalar field. Furthermore, we show that it is impossible to fine-tune the parameters of the effective action to eliminate completely the classical spin-2 ghost because of the non-local terms in the effective action. Being a classical field, it is not clear anyway that this ghost is problematic. It simply implies a repulsive contribution to Newton’s potential. We then consider how to extract the parameters of the effective action and show that it is possible to measure, at least in principle, the parameters of the local terms independently of each other using a combination of observations of gravitational waves and measurements performed by pendulum type experiments searching for deviations of Newton’s potential."
"The effective Higgs theories at the TeV scale in supersymmetric grand unification models are systematically derived. Restricted to extensions on containing the Higgs sector we show that only two types of real (vector-like) models and one type of chiral model are found to be consistent with perturbative grand unification. While the chiral model has been excluded by the LHC data, the fate of perturbative unification will be uniquely determined by the two classes of vector-like models."
"Based on the predictions of the relevant form factors from the covariant light-front quark model, we show the branching fractions for the ( or ) decays, where &lt;i&gt;P&lt;i/&gt; denotes the pseudoscalar meson, &lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt; the scalar meson with a mass above 1 GeV, &lt;i&gt;V&lt;i/&gt; the vector meson and &lt;i&gt;A&lt;i/&gt; the axial-vector one. Comparison with the available experimental results are made, and we find an excellent agreement. The predictions for other decay modes can be tested in a charm factory, e.g., the BESIII detector. The future measurements will definitely further enrich our knowledge of the hadronic transition form factors as well as the inner structure of the even-parity mesons (&lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;A&lt;i/&gt;)."
NaN
"We propose a class of two Higgs doublet models where there are flavour changing neutral currents (FCNC) at tree level, but under control due to the introduction of a discrete symmetry in the full Lagrangian. It is shown that in this class of models, one can have simultaneously FCNC in the up and down sectors, in contrast to the situation encountered in the renormalisable and minimal flavour violating 2HDM models put forward by Branco et al. (Phys Lett B 380:119, 1996). The intensity of FCNC is analysed and it is shown that in this class of models one can respect all the strong constraints from experiment without unnatural fine-tuning. It is pointed out that the additional sources of flavour and CP violation are such that they can enhance significantly the generation of the Bbaryon asymmetry of the Universe, with respect to the standard model."
"The dependence of particle production on the size of the colliding nuclei is analyzed in terms of the thermal model using the canonical ensemble. The concept of strangeness correlation in clusters of sub-volume is used to account for the suppression of strangeness. A systematic analysis is presented of the predictions of the thermal model for particle production in collisions of small nuclei. The pattern of the maxima of strange-particles-to-pion ratios as a function of beam energy is quite special, as they do not occur at the same beam energy and are sensitive to the system size. In particular, the ratio shows a clear maximum even for small systems while the maximum in the ratio is less pronounced in small systems."
"We revisit the decoupling effects associated with heavy particles in the renormalization group running of the vacuum energy in a mass-dependent renormalization scheme. We find the running of the vacuum energy stemming from the Higgs condensate in the entire energy range and show that it behaves as expected from the simple dimensional arguments meaning that it exhibits the quadratic sensitivity to the mass of the heavy particles in the infrared regime. The consequence of such a running to the fine-tuning problem with the measured value of the Cosmological Constant is analyzed and the constraint on the mass spectrum of a given model is derived. We show that in the Standard Model (SM) this fine-tuning constraint is not satisfied while in the massless theories this constraint formally coincides with the well known Veltman condition. We also provide a remarkably simple extension of the SM where saturation of this constraint enables us to predict the radiative Higgs mass correctly. Generalization to constant curvature spaces is also given."
"We present a fully general, model-independent study of a few rare semileptonic &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt; decays that get dominant contributions from &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt;-annihilation and &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt;-exchange diagrams, in particular , where . We consider the most general Lagrangian for the decay, and define three angular asymmetries in the Gottfried–Jackson frame, which are sensitive to new physics. We show how these angular asymmetries can easily be extracted from the distribution of events in the Dalitz plot for decays. Especially a non-zero forward–backward asymmetry within the frame would give the very first hint of possible new physics. These observations are also true for related decay modes, such as and . Moreover, these asymmetry signatures are not affected by either – or – mixings. Then this implies that both and as well as their CP conjugate modes can all be considered together in our search for signature of new physics. Hence, it would be of great importance to look for and study these decays in the laboratory, LHCb and Belle II in particular."
"In this article, we propose a quaternionic version of the Dirac equation in the presence of scalar and vector potentials. It has been shown that in complex limit of such an equation, the complex version of this equation can be covered. After setting a quaternionic form for the Dirac delta potential, scattering due to the considered interaction has been studied. Wave functions and discontinuity conditions of the problem considered have been derived in detail. Using the continuity equation, we have found a constraint implying the conservation law of the probability current."
"The rejection of forward jets originating from additional proton–proton interactions (pile-up) is crucial for a variety of physics analyses at the LHC, including Standard Model measurements and searches for physics beyond the Standard Model. The identification of such jets is challenging due to the lack of track and vertex information in the pseudorapidity range . This paper presents a novel strategy for forward pile-up jet tagging that exploits jet shapes and topological jet correlations in pile-up interactions. Measurements of the per-jet tagging efficiency are presented using a data set of 3.2 fb of proton–proton collisions at a centre-of-mass energy of 13 collected with the ATLAS detector. The fraction of pile-up jets rejected in the range is estimated in simulated events with an average of 22 interactions per bunch-crossing. It increases with jet transverse momentum and, for jets with transverse momentum between 20 and 50 GeV, it ranges between 49% and 67% with an efficiency of 85% for selecting hard-scatter jets. A case study is performed in Higgs boson production via the vector-boson fusion process, showing that these techniques mitigate the background growth due to additional proton–proton interactions, thus enhancing the reach for such signatures."
"We study the propagation of massless fermionic fields in the background of a three-dimensional Lifshitz black hole, which is a solution of conformal gravity. The black-hole solution is characterized by a vanishing dynamical exponent. Then we compute analytically the quasinormal modes, the area spectrum, and the absorption cross section for fermionic fields. The analysis of the quasinormal modes shows that the fermionic perturbations are stable in this background. The area and entropy spectrum are evenly spaced. In the low frequency limit, it is observed that there is a range of values of the angular momentum of the mode that contributes to the absorption cross section, whereas it vanishes in the high frequency limit. In addition, by a suitable change of variables a gravitational soliton can also be obtained and the stability of the quasinormal modes are studied and ensured."
"A data sample of events from proton–proton collisions with two isolated same-sign leptons, missing transverse momentum, and jets is studied in a search for signatures of new physics phenomena by the CMS Collaboration at the LHC. The data correspond to an integrated luminosity of 35.9, and a center-of-mass energy of 13. The properties of the events are consistent with expectations from standard model processes, and no excess yield is observed. Exclusion limits at 95% confidence level are set on cross sections for the pair production of gluinos, squarks, and same-sign top quarks, as well as top-quark associated production of a heavy scalar or pseudoscalar boson decaying to top quarks, and on the standard model production of events with four top quarks. The observed lower mass limits are as high as 1500 for gluinos, 830 for bottom squarks. The excluded mass range for heavy (pseudo)scalar bosons is 350–360 (350–410). Additionally, model-independent limits in several topological regions are provided, allowing for further interpretations of the results."
"The spherically symmetric accretion onto a noncommutative (NC) inspired Schwarzschild black hole is treated for a polytropic fluid. The critical accretion rate , sonic speed and other flow parameters are generalized for the NC inspired static black hole and compared with the results obtained for the standard Schwarzschild black holes. Also explicit expressions for gas compression ratios and temperature profiles below the accretion radius and at the event horizon are derived. This analysis is a generalization of Michel’s solution to the NC geometry. Owing to the NC corrected black hole, the accretion flow parameters also have been modified. It turns out that is still achievable but seems to be substantially decreased due to the NC effects. They in turn do affect the accretion process."
"We use Big Bang Nucleosynthesis (BBN) observational data on the primordial abundance of light elements to constrain &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity. The three most studied viable &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) models, namely the power law, the exponential and the square-root exponential are considered, and the BBN bounds are adopted in order to extract constraints on their free parameters. For the power-law model, we find that the constraints are in agreement with those obtained using late-time cosmological data. For the exponential and the square-root exponential models, we show that for reliable regions of parameters space they always satisfy the BBN bounds. We conclude that viable &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) models can successfully satisfy the BBN constraints."
"The possible neutral and molecular states are studied in the framework of the constituent quark models, which is extended by including the &lt;i&gt;s&lt;i/&gt;-channel one-gluon exchange. Using different types of quark–quark potentials, we solve the four-body Schrödinger equation by means of the Gaussian expansion method. The bound states of with and with are obtained. The molecular states with and with are good candidates for &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(3872) and , respectively. The dependence of the results on the model parameters is also discussed."
"We present a complete set of helicity-dependent antenna functions for QCD initial- and final-state radiation. The functions are implemented in the Vincia shower Monte Carlo framework and are used to generate showers for hadron-collider processes in which helicities are explicitly sampled (and conserved) at each step of the evolution. Although not capturing the full effects of spin correlations, the explicit helicity sampling does permit a significantly faster evaluation of fixed-order matrix-element corrections. A further speed increase is achieved via the implementation of a new fast library of analytical MHV amplitudes, while matrix elements from Madgraph are used for non-MHV configurations. A few examples of applications to QCD processes are given, comparing the newly released Vincia 2.200 to Pythia 8.226."
"We present Euclidean wormhole solutions describing &lt;i&gt;possible bridges&lt;i/&gt; within the multiverse. The study is carried out in the framework of third quantisation. The matter content is modelled through a scalar field which supports the existence of a whole collection of universes. The instanton solutions describe Euclidean solutions that connect baby universes with asymptotically de Sitter universes. We compute the tunnelling probability of these processes. Considering the current bounds on the energy scale of inflation and assuming that all the baby universes are nucleated with the same probability, we draw some conclusions about which universes are more likely to tunnel and therefore undergo a standard inflationary era."
"This paper deals with the viscous accretion flow of a modified Chaplygin gas towards a black hole as the central gravitating object. A modified Chaplygin gas is a particular type of dark energy model which mimics of radiation era to phantom era depending on the different values of its parameters. We compare the dark energy accretion with the flow of adiabatic gas. An accretion disc flowing around a black hole is an example of a transonic flow. To construct the model, we consider three components of the Navier–Stokes equation, the equation of continuity and the modified Chaplygin gas equation of state. As a transonic flow passes through the sonic point, the velocity gradient being apparently singular there, it gives rise to two flow branches: one in-falling, the accretion and the other outgoing, the wind. We show that the wind curve is stronger and the wind speed reaches that of light at a finite distance from the black hole when dark energy is considered. Besides, if we increase the viscosity, the accretion disc is shortened in radius. These two processes acting together make the system deviate much from the adiabatic accretion case. It shows a weakening process for the accretion procedure by the work of the viscous system influencing both the angular momentum transport and the repulsive force of the modified Chaplygin gas."
"In the framework of MSSM inflation, matter and gravitino production are here investigated through the decay of the fields which are coupled to the &lt;i&gt;udd&lt;i/&gt; inflaton, a gauge-invariant combination of squarks. After the end of inflation, the flat direction oscillates about the minimum of its potential, losing at each oscillation about 56% of its energy into bursts of gauge/gaugino and scalar quanta when crossing the origin. These particles then acquire a large inflaton VEV-induced mass and decay perturbatively into the MSSM quanta and gravitinos, transferring the inflaton energy very efficiently via instant preheating. Regarding thermalization, we show that the MSSM degrees of freedom thermalize very quickly, yet not immediately by virtue of the large vacuum expectation value of the inflaton, which breaks the symmetry into a residual &lt;i&gt;U&lt;i/&gt;(1). The energy transfer to the MSSM quanta is very efficient, since full thermalization is achieved after only complete oscillations. The &lt;i&gt;udd&lt;i/&gt; inflaton thus provides an extremely efficient reheating of the Universe, with a temperature , which allows for instance several mechanisms of baryogenesis. We also compute the gravitino number density from the perturbative decay of the flat direction and of the SUSY multiplet. We find that the gravitinos are produced in negligible amount and satisfy cosmological bounds such as the Big Bang nucleosynthesis (BBN) and dark matter (DM) constraints."
"We analyze the stability of self-gravitating systems which dynamics is investigated using the collisionless Boltzmann equation, and the modified Poisson equation of Eddington-inspired Born–Infield gravity. These equations provide a description of the Jeans paradigm used to determine the critical scale above which such systems collapse. At equilibrium, the systems are described using the time-independent Maxwell–Boltzmann distribution function . Considering small perturbations to this equilibrium state, we obtain a modified dispersion relation, and we find a new characteristic scale length. Our results indicate that the dynamics of self-gravitating astrophysical systems can be fully addressed in the Eddington-inspired Born–Infeld gravity. The latter modifies the Jeans instability in high densities environments, while its effects become negligible in star formation regions."
"We present the first attempt to extract from the decay without relying on inputs from the &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt; meson decays. Meanwhile, the hadronic decays with and measured with high precisions are involved in the extraction. Explicitly, we find that , agreeing with the value of from the inclusive decays. Furthermore, based on the most recent ratio of from the exclusive modes, we obtain , which is close to the value of from the inclusive decays. We conclude that our determinations of and favor the corresponding inclusive extractions in the &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt; decays."
"We consider spherical exact models for compact stars with anisotropic pressures and a conformal symmetry. The conformal symmetry condition generates an integral relationship between the gravitational potentials. We solve this condition to find a new anisotropic solution to the Einstein field equations. We demonstrate that the exact solution produces a relativistic model of a compact star. The model generates stellar radii and masses consistent with PSR J1614-2230, Vela X1, PSR J1903+327 and Cen X-3. A detailed physical examination shows that the model is regular, well behaved and stable. The mass–radius limit and the surface red shift are consistent with observational constraints."
"Unfortunately, in the original version of this article the copyright holder was wrong in the HTML. The original article has been corrected."
"A scalar model is built, as a quantum field theory defined on a toroidal topology, to describe a phase transition in films subjected to periodic boundary conditions and influenced by an external and constant magnetic field. Criticality is studied and the relations between the critical temperature, the film thickness, the magnetic field strength and the chemical potential are investigated. Since the model describes a second-order phase transition a comparison with the Ginzburg–Landau theory is made."
"A search for new phenomena is performed using events with jets and significant transverse momentum imbalance, as inferred through the variable. The results are based on a sample of proton–proton collisions collected in 2016 at a center-of-mass energy of 13 with the CMS detector and corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 35.9. No excess event yield is observed above the predicted standard model background, and the results are interpreted as exclusion limits at 95% confidence level on the masses of predicted particles in a variety of simplified models of &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;-parity conserving supersymmetry. Depending on the details of the model, 95% confidence level lower limits on the gluino (light-flavor squark) masses are placed up to 2025 (1550). Mass limits as high as 1070 (1175) are set on the masses of top (bottom) squarks. Information is provided to enable re-interpretation of these results, including model-independent limits on the number of non-standard model events for a set of simplified, inclusive search regions."
"In this work, we study systematically the mass splittings of the (, &lt;i&gt;d&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;s&lt;i/&gt; and , &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;) tetraquark states with the color-magnetic interaction by considering color mixing effects and estimate roughly their masses. We find that the color mixing effect is relatively important for the states and possible stable tetraquarks exist in the (, &lt;i&gt;d&lt;i/&gt;) and systems either with or with . Possible decay patterns of the tetraquarks are briefly discussed."
"In this paper, we investigate the late-time cosmic acceleration in mimetic &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity with the Lagrange multiplier and potential in a Universe containing, besides radiation and dark energy, a self-interacting (collisional) matter. We obtain through the modified Friedmann equations the main equation that can describe the cosmological evolution. Then, with several models from and the well-known particular model &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;), we perform an analysis of the late-time evolution. We examine the behavior of the Hubble parameter, the dark energy equation of state and the total effective equation of state and in each case we compare the resulting picture with the non-collisional matter (assumed as dust) and also with the collisional matter in mimetic &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity. The results obtained are in good agreement with the observational data and show that in the presence of the collisional matter the dark energy oscillations in mimetic &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity can be damped."
"SCYNet (SUSY Calculating Yield Net) is a tool for testing supersymmetric models against LHC data. It uses neural network regression for a fast evaluation of the profile likelihood ratio. Two neural network approaches have been developed: one network has been trained using the parameters of the 11-dimensional phenomenological Minimal Supersymmetric Standard Model (pMSSM-11) as an input and evaluates the corresponding profile likelihood ratio within milliseconds. It can thus be used in global pMSSM-11 fits without time penalty. In the second approach, the neural network has been trained using model-independent signature-related objects, such as energies and particle multiplicities, which were estimated from the parameters of a given new physics model."
"We evaluate the Abbott–Deser–Tekin (ADT) mass of the five-dimensional rotating black holes with squashed horizons on two different on-shell reference backgrounds, which are the flat background and the boundary matched Kaluza–Klein (KK) monopole. The mass on the former, identified with the one on the background of the asymptotic geometry, differs from the mass on the latter by that of the KK monopole. However, each mass satisfies the first law of black hole thermodynamics. To test the results in five dimensions, we compute the mass in the context of the dimensionally reduced theory. Finally, in contrast with the original ADT formulation, its off-shell generalisation is applied to calculate the mass as well."
"We consider the eternal inflation scenario of the slow-roll/chaotic type with the additional element of an objective collapse of the wave function. The incorporation of this new agent to the traditional inflationary setting might represent a possible solution to the quantum measurement problem during inflation, a subject that has not reached a consensus among the community. Specifically, it could provide an explanation for the generation of the primordial anisotropies and inhomogeneities, starting from a perfectly symmetric background and invoking symmetric dynamics. We adopt the continuous spontaneous localization model, in the context of inflation, as the dynamical reduction mechanism that generates the primordial inhomogeneities. Furthermore, when enforcing the objective reduction mechanism, the condition for eternal inflation can be bypassed. In particular, the collapse mechanism incites the wave function, corresponding to the inflaton, to localize itself around the zero mode of the field. Then the zero mode will evolve essentially unperturbed, driving inflation to an end in any region of the Universe where inflation occurred. Also, our approach achieves a primordial spectrum with an amplitude and shape consistent with the one that best fits the observational data."
"We study models that produce a Higgs boson plus photon () resonance at the LHC. When the resonance is a boson, decays to occur at one loop. If the boson couples at tree level to quarks, then the branching fraction is typically of order or smaller. Nevertheless, there are models that would allow the observation of at TeV with a cross section times branching fraction larger than 1 fb for a mass in the 200–450 GeV range, and larger than 0.1 fb for a mass up to 800 GeV. The one-loop decay of the into lepton pairs competes with , even if the couplings to leptons vanish at tree level. We also present a model in which a boson decays into a Higgs boson and a pair of collimated photons, mimicking an resonance. In this model, the resonance search would be the discovery mode for a as heavy as 2 TeV. When the resonance is a scalar, although decay to is forbidden by angular momentum conservation, the plus collimated photons channel is allowed. We comment on prospects of observing an resonance through different Higgs decays, on constraints from related searches, and on models where is replaced by a nonstandard Higgs boson."
"We introduce the ‘stealth bosons’ &lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt;, light boosted particles with a decay into two daughter bosons &lt;i&gt;A&lt;i/&gt;, which subsequently decay into four quarks that are reconstructed as a single fat jet. Variables that measure the two-pronged structure of fat jets, which are used for diboson resonance searches in hadronic or semi-leptonic final states, classify the jets produced in stealth boson decays as QCD-like – actually, for these variables they may seem more background-like than the QCD background itself. The number of tracks in those jets can also be, on average, much higher than for the fat jets arising from the hadronic decay of boosted &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; bosons. Therefore, these elusive particles are hard to spot in standard searches. Heavy resonances decaying into two such stealth bosons, or one plus a &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; / &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; boson, could offer an explanation for the recurrent small excesses found in hadronic diboson resonance searches near an invariant mass of 2 TeV."
"Quantum behavior of the John Lagrangian from the Fab Four class of covariant Galileons is studied. We consider one-loop corrections to the John interaction due to cubic scalar field interaction. Counter terms are calculated, one appears because of massless scalar field theory infrared issues, another one lies in the George class, and the rest of them can be reduced to the initial Lagrangian up to surface terms. The role of quantum corrections in the context of cosmological applications is discussed."
"We consider measurements of exclusive rare semi-tauonic &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-hadron decays, mediated by the transition, at a future high-energy circular electron–positron collider (FCC-&lt;i&gt;ee&lt;i/&gt;). We argue that the high boosts of &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-hadrons originating from on-shell &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; boson decays allow for a full reconstruction of the decay kinematics in hadronic decay modes (up to discrete ambiguities). This, together with the potentially large statistics of , opens the door for the experimental determination of polarizations in these rare &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-hadron decays. In the light of the current experimental situation on lepton flavor universality in rare semileptonic &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt; decays, we discuss the complementary short-distance physics information carried by the polarizations and suggest suitable theoretically clean observables in the form of single- and double- polarization asymmetries."
"The warm inflation scenario in view of the modified Chaplygin gas is studied. We consider the inflationary expansion to be driven by a standard scalar field whose decay ratio has a generic power-law dependence with the scalar field and the temperature of the thermal bath &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;. By assuming an exponential power-law dependence in the cosmic time for the scale factor &lt;i&gt;a&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;t&lt;i/&gt;), corresponding to the intermediate inflation model, we solve the background and perturbative dynamics considering our model to evolve according to (1) weak dissipative regime and (2) strong dissipative regime. Specifically, we find explicit expressions for the dissipative coefficient, scalar potential, and the relevant inflationary observables like the scalar power spectrum, scalar spectral index, and tensor-to-scalar ratio. The free parameters characterizing our model are constrained by considering the essential condition for warm inflation, the conditions for the model evolves according to weak or strong dissipative regime, and the 2015 Planck results through the –&lt;i&gt;r&lt;i/&gt; plane."
"In the framework of the Einstein–Maxwell-aether theory we study the birefringence effect, which can occur in the pp-wave symmetric dynamic aether. The dynamic aether is considered to be a latently birefringent quasi-medium, which displays this hidden property if and only if the aether motion is non-uniform, i.e., when the aether flow is characterized by the non-vanishing expansion, shear, vorticity or acceleration. In accordance with the dynamo-optical scheme of description of the interaction between electromagnetic waves and the dynamic aether, we shall model the susceptibility tensors by the terms linear in the covariant derivative of the aether velocity four-vector. When the pp-wave modes appear in the dynamic aether, we deal with a gravitationally induced degeneracy removal with respect to hidden susceptibility parameters. As a consequence, the phase velocities of electromagnetic waves possessing orthogonal polarizations do not coincide, thus displaying the birefringence effect. Two electromagnetic field configurations are studied in detail: longitudinal and transversal with respect to the aether pp-wave front. For both cases the solutions are found, which reveal anomalies in the electromagnetic response on the action of the pp-wave aether mode."
"The particle flow approach to calorimetry benefits from highly granular calorimeters and sophisticated software algorithms in order to reconstruct and identify individual particles in complex event topologies. The high spatial granularity, together with analogue energy information, can be further exploited in software compensation. In this approach, the local energy density is used to discriminate electromagnetic and purely hadronic sub-showers within hadron showers in the detector to improve the energy resolution for single particles by correcting for the intrinsic non-compensation of the calorimeter system. This improvement in the single particle energy resolution also results in a better overall jet energy resolution by improving the energy measurement of identified neutral hadrons and improvements in the pattern recognition stage by a more accurate matching of calorimeter energies to tracker measurements. This paper describes the software compensation technique and its implementation in particle flow reconstruction with the Pandora Particle Flow Algorithm (PandoraPFA). The impact of software compensation on the choice of optimal transverse granularity for the analogue hadronic calorimeter option of the International Large Detector (ILD) concept is also discussed."
"A new method is proposed to reconstruct the neutrinos in the process followed by the decay. With the help of a refined Higgs momentum reconstruction from the recoiling system and the impact parameters, high precision in the determination of the momentum of neutrinos can be achieved. The prospect of measuring the Higgs CP mixing angle with the decay at colliders is studied with the new method. The analysis is based on a detailed detector simulation of the signal and backgrounds. The fully reconstructed neutrinos and also other visible products from the tau decay are used to build matrix element (ME)-based CP observables. With 5 of data at GeV, a precision of can be achieved for the CP mixing angle with three main one-prong decay modes of the taus. The precision is found to be about 35% better than the other methods."
"In this work we compare mass spectra and decay constants obtained from two recent, independent, and fully relativistic approaches to the quarkonium bound-state problem: the Basis Light-Front Quantization approach, where light-front wave functions are naturally formulated; and, the Covariant Spectator Theory (CST), based on a reorganization of the Bethe–Salpeter equation. Even though &lt;i&gt;conceptually&lt;i/&gt; different, both solutions are obtained in Minkowski space. Comparisons of decay constants for more than ten states of charmonium and bottomonium show favorable agreement between the two approaches as well as with experiment where available. We also apply the Brodsky–Huang–Lepage prescription to convert the CST amplitudes into functions of light-front variables. This provides an ideal opportunity to investigate the similarities and differences at the level of the wave functions. Several qualitative features are observed in remarkable agreement between the two approaches even for the rarely addressed excited states. Leading-twist distribution amplitudes as well as parton distribution functions of heavy quarkonia are also analyzed."
"We calculate the corrections for constant radial magnetic field in muon and electric-dipole-moment experiments in storage rings. While the correction is negligible for the current generation of experiments, it affects the upcoming muon electric-dipole-moment experiment at Fermilab."
"Recent LHCb results on , the ratio of the branching fractions of to that of , for the dilepton invariant mass bins [0.045–1.1] GeV and [1.1–6] GeV show approximately deviations from the corresponding Standard Model prediction in each of the bins. This, when combined with the measurement of , a similar ratio for the decay to a pseudo-scalar meson, highly suggests lepton non-universal new physics in semi-leptonic &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt; meson decays. In this work, we perform a model independent analysis of these potential new physics signals and identify the operators that do the best job in satisfying all these measurements. We show that heavy new physics, giving rise to independent local 4-Fermi operators of scalar, pseudo-scalar, vector or axial-vector type, is unable to explain all the three measurements simultaneously, in particular in the bin [0.045–1.1], within their experimental regions. We point out the possibility to explain in the low bin by an additional light () vector boson with appropriate coupling strengths to () and ()."
"In this paper we consider a model which exhibits explicit Lorentz symmetry breaking due to the presence of a single background vector coupled to the gauge field. We investigate such a theory in the vicinity of a perfectly conducting plate for different configurations of . First we consider no restrictions on the components of the background vector and we treat it perturbatively up to second order. Next, we treat exactly for two special cases: the first one is when it has only components parallel to the plate, and the second one when it has a single component perpendicular to the plate. For all these configurations, the propagator for the gauge field and the interaction force between the plate and a point-like electric charge are computed. Surprisingly, it is shown that the image method is valid in our model and we argue that it is a non-trivial result. We show there arises a torque on the mirror with respect to its positioning in the background field when it interacts with a point-like charge. It is a new effect with no counterpart in theories with Lorentz symmetry in the presence of a perfect mirror."
"IceCube is a neutrino observatory deployed in the glacial ice at the geographic South Pole. The energy unfolding described in this paper is based on data taken with IceCube in its 79-string configuration. A sample of muon neutrino charged-current interactions with a purity of 99.5% was selected by means of a multivariate classification process based on machine learning. The subsequent unfolding was performed using the software Truee. The resulting spectrum covers an E-range of more than four orders of magnitude from 125 GeV to 3.2 PeV. Compared to the Honda atmospheric neutrino flux model, the energy spectrum shows an excess of more than in four adjacent bins for neutrino energies . The obtained spectrum is fully compatible with previous measurements of the atmospheric neutrino flux and recent IceCube measurements of a flux of high-energy astrophysical neutrinos."
"This paper aims to explore some realistic configurations of anisotropic spherical structures in the background of metric &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity, where &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt; is the Ricci scalar. The solutions obtained by Krori and Barua are used to examine the nature of particular compact stars with three different modified gravity models. The behavior of material variables is analyzed through plots and the physical viability of compact stars is investigated through energy conditions. We also discuss the behavior of different forces, equation of state parameter, measure of anisotropy and Tolman–Oppenheimer–Volkoff equation in the modeling of stellar structures. The comparison from our graphical representations may provide evidence for the realistic and viable &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity models at both theoretical and the astrophysical scale."
"This work aims to explore the dark dynamical effects of the &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) modified gravity theory on the dynamics of a compact celestial star. We have taken the interior geometry of a spherical star which is filled with an imperfect fluid distribution. The modified field equations are explored by taking a particular form of the &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) model, i.e. . These equations are utilized to formulate the well-known structure scalars under the dark dynamical effects of this higher-order gravity theory. Also, with the help of these scalar variables, the evolution equations for expansion and shear are formulated. The whole analysis is made under the condition of a constant &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;. We found a crucial significance of dark source terms and dynamical variables on the evolution and density inhomogeneity of compact objects."
"A class of , with being a two-sphere or a hyperbolic space, solutions within four-dimensional gauged supergravity coupled to three-vector multiplets with dyonic gauging is identified. The gauged supergravity has a non-semisimple gauge group and can be obtained from a consistent truncation of 11-dimensional supergravity on a tri-sasakian manifold. The maximally symmetric vacua contain geometries with supersymmetry corresponding to and superconformal field theories (SCFTs) in three dimensions. We find supersymmetric solutions of the form preserving two supercharges. These solutions describe twisted compactifications of the dual and SCFTs and should arise as near horizon geometries of dyonic black holes in asymptotically space-time. Most solutions have hyperbolic horizons although some of them exhibit spherical horizons. These provide a new class of geometries with known M-theory origin."
"Within the standard approach of effective field theory of weak interactions for transitions, we look for possibly unexpected subtle New Physics effects, here dubbed “flavourful Easter eggs”. We perform a Bayesian global fit using the publicly available HEPfit package, taking into account state-of-the-art experimental information concerning these processes, including the suggestive measurements from LHCb of and , the latter available only very recently. We parametrise New Physics contributions to transitions in terms of shifts of Wilson coefficients of the electromagnetic dipole and semileptonic operators, assuming CP-conserving effects, but allowing in general for violation of lepton flavour universality. We show how optimistic/conservative hadronic estimates can impact quantitatively the size of New Physics extracted from the fit. With a conservative approach to hadronic uncertainties we find nonzero New Physics contributions to Wilson coefficients at the level of , depending on the model chosen. Furthermore, given the interplay between hadronic contributions and New Physics effects in the leptonic vector current, a scenario with nonstandard leptonic axial currents is comparable to the more widely advocated one with New Physics in the leptonic vector current."
"In this paper, we continue our study of the curvaton model with nonminimal derivative coupling (NDC) to Einstein gravity proposed in our previous work (Feng in Phys Lett B 729:99, 2014; Feng and Qiu in Phys Rev D 90(12):123508, 2014), focusing on the reheating mechanism. We found that according to whether the curvaton has or has not dominated the background after the end of inflation, it will have two different behaviors of evolution, which should be the general property of the curvaton with nonminimal couplings. This will cause two different parts of reheating, which goes on via the parametric resonance process. The reheating temperature is estimated for both cases in which reheating completes before and after curvaton domination, and the constraints are quite loose compared to that of overproduction of gravitinos. Finally we investigated the evolution of curvature perturbation during reheating. We have shown both analytically and numerically that the curvature perturbation will not blow up during the resonance process."
"In this paper, we apply the dynamical analysis to a coupled phantom field with scaling potential taking particular forms of the coupling (linear and combination of linear), and present phase space analysis. We investigate if there exists a late time accelerated scaling attractor that has the ratio of dark energy and dark matter densities of the order one. We observe that the scrutinized couplings cannot alleviate the coincidence problem, however, they acquire stable late time accelerated solutions. We also discuss a coupled tachyon field with inverse square potential assuming linear coupling."
"Assuming covariant fields as the ‘fundamental’ variables, double field theory can accommodate novel geometries where a Riemannian metric cannot be defined, even locally. Here we present a complete classification of such non-Riemannian spacetimes in terms of two non-negative integers, , . Upon these backgrounds, strings become chiral and anti-chiral over &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt; and directions, respectively, while particles and strings are frozen over the directions. In particular, we identify (0, 0) as Riemannian manifolds, (1, 0) as non-relativistic spacetime, (1, 1) as Gomis–Ooguri non-relativistic string, as ultra-relativistic Carroll geometry, and (&lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt;, 0) as Siegel’s chiral string. Combined with a covariant Kaluza–Klein ansatz which we further spell, (0, 1) leads to Newton–Cartan gravity. Alternative to the conventional string compactifications on small manifolds, non-Riemannian spacetime such as , (3, 3) may open a new scheme for the dimensional reduction from ten to four."
"There is mounting evidence that the IceCube findings cannot be described simply invoking a single power-law spectrum for cosmic neutrinos. We discuss which the minimal modifications are of the spectrum that are required by the existing observations and we obtain a universal cosmic neutrino spectrum, i.e. valid for all neutrino flavors. Our approach to such task can be outlined in three points: (1) we rely on the throughgoing muon analysis above 200 TeV and on the high-energy starting events (HESE) analysis below this energy, requiring the continuity of the spectrum; (2) we assume that cosmic neutrinos are subject to three-flavor neutrino oscillations in vacuum; (3) we make no assumption on the astrophysical mechanism of production, except for no component at the source. We test our model using the information provided by HESE shower-like events and by the lack of double pulses and resonant events. We find that a two-component power-law spectrum is compatible with all observations. The model agrees with the standard picture of pion decay as a source of neutrinos, and indicates a slight preference for a mechanism of production. We discuss the tension between the HESE and the “throughgoing muons” datasets around few tens TeV, focussing on the angular distributions of the spectra. The expected number of smoking-gun signatures of -induced events (referred to as &lt;i&gt;double pulses&lt;i/&gt;) is quantified: in the baseline model we predict 0.65 double pulse events in 5.7 years. Uncertainties in the predictions are quantified."
"Unitarity of the scale-invariant coupled theory of higher-derivative gravity and matter is investigated. A scalar field coupled with a Dirac fermion is taken as the matter sector. Following the idea of induced gravity the Einstein–Hilbert term is generated via dynamical symmetry breaking of scale invariance. The renormalisation group flows are computed and one-loop RG improved effective potential of scalar is calculated. The scalar field develops a new minimum via the Coleman–Weinberg procedure inducing the Newton constant and masses in the matter sector. The spin-2 problematic ghost and the spin-0 mode of the metric fluctuation get a mass in the broken phase of the theory. The energy dependence of the vacuum expectation value in the RG improved scenario implies a running for the induced parameters. This sets up platform to ask whether it is possible to evade the spin-2 ghost by keeping its mass always above the running energy scale? In broken phase this question is satisfactorily answered for a large domain of coupling parameter space where the ghost is evaded. The spin-0 mode can be made physically realisable or not depending upon the choice of the initial parameters. The induced Newton constant is seen to vanish in the ultraviolet case. By properly choosing parameters it is possible to make the matter fields physically unrealisable."
"We suggest a structure for the vacuum comprised of a network of tightly knotted/linked flux tubes formed in a QCD-like cosmological phase transition and show that such a network can drive cosmological inflation. As the network can be topologically stable only in three space dimensions, this scenario provides a dynamical explanation for the existence of exactly three large spatial dimensions in our Universe."
"We consider the and the spin-independent momentum-dependent quasi-static energies of heavy quarkonium (with unequal masses). They are defined nonperturbatively in terms of Wilson loops. We determine their short-distance behavior through and , respectively. In particular, we calculate the ultrasoft contributions to the quasi-static energies, which requires the resummation of potential interactions. Our results can be directly compared to lattice simulations. In addition, we also compare the available lattice data with the expectations from effective string models for the long-distance behavior of the quasi-static energies."
"In this paper, we discuss spherically symmetric wormhole solutions in &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) modified theory of gravity by introducing well-known non-commutative geometry in terms of Gaussian and Lorentzian distributions of string theory. For analytic discussion, we consider an interesting model of &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity defined by . By taking two different choices for the function , that is, and , we discuss the possible existence of wormhole solutions. In the presence of non-commutative Gaussian and Lorentzian distributions, we get exact and numerical solutions for both these models. By taking appropriate values of the free parameters, we discuss different properties of these wormhole models analytically and graphically. Further, using an equilibrium condition, it is found that these solutions are stable. Also, we discuss the phenomenon of gravitational lensing for the exact wormhole model and it is found that the deflection angle diverges at the wormhole throat."
"We study the autonomous system for a scalar–tensor model of dark energy with Gauss–Bonnet and non-minimal couplings. The critical points describe important stable asymptotic scenarios including quintessence, phantom and de Sitter attractor solutions. Two functional forms for the coupling functions and the scalar potential are considered: power-law and exponential functions of the scalar field. For the exponential functions the existence of stable quintessence, phantom or de Sitter solutions, allows for an asymptotic behavior where the effective Newtonian coupling becomes constant. The phantom solutions could be realized without appealing to ghost degrees of freedom. Transient inflationary and radiation-dominated phases can also be described."
"A search for the decay is performed, based on a data sample of proton-proton collisions corresponding to an integrated luminosity of , collected by the LHCb experiment at centre-of-mass energies of 7 and 8. The observed yield is consistent with the background-only hypothesis, yielding a limit on the branching fraction of at confidence level. This result improves the previous upper limit on the branching fraction by an order of magnitude."
"In this paper, we place constraints on four alternative cosmological models under the assumption of the spatial flatness of the Universe: CPL, EDE, GCG and MPC. A new compilation of 120 compact radio quasars observed by very-long-baseline interferometry, which represents a type of new cosmological standard rulers, are used to test these cosmological models. Our results show that the fits on CPL obtained from the quasar sample are well consistent with those obtained from BAO. For other cosmological models considered, quasars provide constraints in agreement with those derived with other standard probes at confidence level. Moreover, the results obtained from other statistical methods including figure of merit, &lt;i&gt;Om&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;) and statefinder diagnostics indicate that: (1) Radio quasar standard ruler could provide better statistical constraints than BAO for all cosmological models considered, which suggests its potential to act as a powerful complementary probe to BAO and galaxy clusters. (2) Turning to &lt;i&gt;Om&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;) diagnostics, CPL, GCG and EDE models cannot be distinguished from each other at the present epoch. (3) In the framework of statefinder diagnostics, MPC and EDE will deviate from the CDM model in the near future, while GCG model cannot be distinguished from the CDM model unless much higher precision observations are available."
"We apply Starobinsky’s formalism of stochastic inflation to the case of a massless minimally coupled scalar field with linear self-interaction potential. We solve the corresponding Fokker–Planck equation exactly, and we obtain analytical expressions for the stochastic expectation values."
"We study the phenomenological consequences of several &lt;i&gt;CP&lt;i/&gt;-violating structures that could arise in the Standard Model effective field theory framework. Focusing on operators involving electroweak gauge and/or Higgs bosons, we derive constraints originating from Run I LHC data. We then study the capabilities of the present and future LHC runs at higher energies to further probe associated &lt;i&gt;CP&lt;i/&gt;-violating phenomena and we demonstrate how differential information can play a key role. We consider both traditional four-lepton probes of &lt;i&gt;CP&lt;i/&gt;-violation in the Higgs sector and novel new physics handles based on varied angular and non-angular observables."
"The possible emergence of compact stars has been investigated in the recently introduced modified Gauss–Bonnet gravity, where is the Gauss–Bonnet term and &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt; is the trace of the energy-momentum tensor (Sharif and Ikram, Eur Phys J C 76:640, 2016). Specifically, for this modified theory, the analytic solutions of Krori and Barua have been applied to an anisotropic matter distribution. To determine the unknown constants appearing in the Krori and Barua metric, the well-known three models of the compact stars, namely 4U1820-30, Her X-I, and SAX J 1808.4-3658 have been used. The analysis of the physical behaviour of the compact stars has been presented and the physical features like energy density and pressure, energy conditions, static equilibrium, stability, measure of anisotropy, and regularity of the compact stars, have been discussed."
"With the increase in energy of the Large Hadron Collider to a centre-of-mass energy of 13  for Run 2, events with dense environments, such as in the cores of high-energy jets, became a focus for new physics searches as well as measurements of the Standard Model. These environments are characterized by charged-particle separations of the order of the tracking detectors sensor granularity. Basic track quantities are compared between 3.2 fb of data collected by the ATLAS experiment and simulation of proton–proton collisions producing high-transverse-momentum jets at a centre-of-mass energy of 13 . The impact of charged-particle separations and multiplicities on the track reconstruction performance is discussed. The track reconstruction efficiency in the cores of jets with transverse momenta between 200 and 1600 is quantified using a novel, data-driven, method. The method uses the energy loss, , to identify pixel clusters originating from two charged particles. Of the charged particles creating these clusters, the measured fraction that fail to be reconstructed is and for jet transverse momenta of 200–400  and 1400–1600 , respectively."
"We consider a five dimensional warped spacetime, in presence of the higher curvature term like in the bulk, in the context of the two-brane model. Our universe is identified with the TeV scale brane and emerges as a four dimensional effective theory. From the perspective of this effective theory, we examine the possibility of “inflationary scenario” by considering the on-brane metric ansatz as an FRW one. Our results reveal that the higher curvature term in the five dimensional bulk spacetime generates a potential term for the radion field. Due to the presence of radion potential, the very early universe undergoes a stage of accelerated expansion and, moreover, the accelerating period of the universe terminates in a finite time. We also find the spectral index of curvature perturbation () and the tensor to scalar ratio (&lt;i&gt;r&lt;i/&gt;) in the present context, which match with the observational results based on the observations of Planck (Astron. Astrophys. &lt;b&gt;594&lt;b/&gt;, A20, 2016)."
"Measurements of inclusive spectra and mean multiplicities of , K, p and produced in inelastic p + p interactions at incident projectile momenta of 20, 31, 40, 80 and 158  ( 6.3, 7.7, 8.8, 12.3 and 17.3 , respectively) were performed at the CERN Super Proton Synchrotron using the large acceptance NA61/SHINE hadron spectrometer. Spectra are presented as function of rapidity and transverse momentum and are compared to predictions of current models. The measurements serve as the baseline in the NA61/SHINE study of the properties of the onset of deconfinement and search for the critical point of strongly interacting matter."
"In this letter, we investigate the holographic fermionic spectrum without/with dipole coupling dual to the Reissner–Nordström anti-de Sitter (RN–AdS) black brane surrounded by quintessence. We find that the low energy excitation of this fermionic system without dipole coupling behaves as a non-Fermi liquid. In particular, the introduction of quintessence aggravates the degree of deviation from a Fermi liquid. For the system with dipole coupling, the phase transition from (non-)Fermi liquid to Mott phase can be observed. The ratio between the width of gap and the critical temperature, beyond which the gap closes, is also worked out. We find that this ratio is larger than that of the holographic fermionic system dual to the RN–AdS black brane and even the material of . It means that our holographic system with quintessence can model new phenomena of the condensed matter system and provide some new insights in their regard."
"We examine a renormalizable SUSY SO(10) model without fine-tuning. We show how to construct MSSM doublets and to predict proton decay. We find that in the minimal set of Yukawa couplings the model is consistent with the experiments, while including to fit the data there are inconsistencies."
"The SU(3) quark model encounters a great challenge in describing even-parity mesons. Specifically, the quark model has difficulties in understanding the light scalar mesons below 1 GeV, scalar and axial-vector charmed mesons and charmonium-like state &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(3872). A common wisdom for the resolution of these difficulties lies on the coupled channel effects which will distort the quark model calculations. In this work, we focus on the near mass degeneracy of scalar charmed mesons, and , and its implications. Within the framework of heavy meson chiral perturbation theory, we show that near degeneracy can be qualitatively understood as a consequence of self-energy effects due to strong coupled channels. Quantitatively, the closeness of and masses can be implemented by adjusting two relevant strong couplings and the renormalization scale appearing in the loop diagram. Then this in turn implies the mass similarity of and mesons. The interaction with the Goldstone boson is crucial for understanding the phenomenon of near degeneracy. Based on heavy quark symmetry in conjunction with corrections from QCD and effects, we obtain the masses of and mesons, for example, , with being corrections. We find that the predicted mass difference of 48 MeV between and is larger than that of 20–30 MeV inferred from the relativistic quark models, whereas the difference of 15 MeV between the central values of and is much smaller than the quark model expectation of 60–100 MeV. Experimentally, it is important to have a precise mass measurement of mesons, especially the neutral one, to see if the non-strange scalar charmed meson is heavier than the strange partner as suggested by the recent LHCb measurement of the ."
"In quantum computing, nice error bases as generalization of the Pauli basis were introduced by Knill. These bases are known to be projective representations of finite groups. In this paper, we propose a group representation approach to the study of quantum stabilizer codes. We utilize this approach to define decoherence-free subspaces (DFSs). Unlike previous studies of DFSs, this type of DFSs does not involve any spatial symmetry assumptions on the system-environment interaction. Thus, it can be used to construct quantum error-avoiding codes (QEACs) that are fault tolerant automatically. We also propose a new simple construction of QEACs and subsequently develop several classes of QEACs. Finally, we present numerical simulation results encoding the logical error rate over physical error rate on the fidelity performance of these QEACs. Our study demonstrates that DFSs-based QEACs are capable of providing a generalized and unified framework for error-avoiding methods."
"In this paper, we have applied the Lorentz-invariance violation (LIV) class of dispersion relations (DRs) with the dimensionless parameter and the “sign of LIV” , to a phenomenological study of the effect of quantum gravity in a strong gravitational field. Specifically, we have studied the effect of the LIV-DR induced quantum gravity on the Schwarzschild black hole thermodynamics. The result shows that the effect of the LIV-DR induced quantum gravity speeds up the black hole evaporation, and its corresponding black hole entropy undergoes a leading logarithmic correction to the “reduced Bekenstein–Hawking entropy”, and the ill-defined situations (i.e. the singularity problem and the critical problem) are naturally bypassed when the LIV-DR effect is present. Also, to put our results in a proper perspective, we have compared results with the earlier findings by another quantum-gravity candidate, i.e. the generalized uncertainty principle (GUP). Finally, we conclude from the inert remnants at the final stage of the black hole evaporation that, the GUP as a candidate for describing quantum gravity can always do as well as the LIV-DR by adjusting the model-dependent parameters, but in the same model-dependent parameters the LIV-DR acts as a more suitable candidate."
"Recently holographic prescriptions were proposed to compute the quantum complexity of a given state in the boundary theory. A specific proposal known as ‘holographic subregion complexity’ is supposed to calculate the complexity of a reduced density matrix corresponding to a static subregion. We study different families of singular subregions in the dual field theory and find the divergence structure and universal terms of holographic subregion complexity for these singular surfaces. We find that there are new universal terms, logarithmic in the UV cut-off, due to the singularities of a family of surfaces including a kink in (2 + 1) dimensions and cones in even dimensional field theories. We also find examples of new divergent terms such as squared logarithm and negative powers times the logarithm of the UV cut-off parameter."
"A multidimensional generalization of Melvin’s solution for an arbitrary simple Lie algebra is considered. The gravitational model in &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt; dimensions, , contains &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt; 2-forms and scalar fields, where &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt; is the rank of . The solution is governed by a set of &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt; functions obeying &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt; ordinary differential equations with certain boundary conditions imposed. It was conjectured earlier that these functions should be polynomials (the so-called fluxbrane polynomials). The polynomials , , for the Lie algebra are obtained and a corresponding solution for is presented. The polynomials depend upon integration constants , . They obey symmetry and duality identities. The latter ones are used in deriving asymptotic relations for solutions at large distances. The power-law asymptotic relations for -polynomials at large &lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt; are governed by the integer-valued matrix , where is the inverse Cartan matrix, &lt;i&gt;I&lt;i/&gt; is the identity matrix and &lt;i&gt;P&lt;i/&gt; is a permutation matrix, corresponding to a generator of the -group of symmetry of the Dynkin diagram. The 2-form fluxes , , are calculated."
"We present a new set of parton distributions, NNPDF3.1, which updates NNPDF3.0, the first global set of PDFs determined using a methodology validated by a closure test. The update is motivated by recent progress in methodology and available data, and involves both. On the methodological side, we now parametrize and determine the charm PDF alongside the light-quark and gluon ones, thereby increasing from seven to eight the number of independent PDFs. On the data side, we now include the D0 electron and muon &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; asymmetries from the final Tevatron dataset, the complete LHCb measurements of &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; production in the forward region at 7 and 8 TeV, and new ATLAS and CMS measurements of inclusive jet and electroweak boson production. We also include for the first time top-quark pair differential distributions and the transverse momentum of the &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; bosons from ATLAS and CMS. We investigate the impact of parametrizing charm and provide evidence that the accuracy and stability of the PDFs are thereby improved. We study the impact of the new data by producing a variety of determinations based on reduced datasets. We find that both improvements have a significant impact on the PDFs, with some substantial reductions in uncertainties, but with the new PDFs generally in agreement with the previous set at the one-sigma level. The most significant changes are seen in the light-quark flavor separation, and in increased precision in the determination of the gluon. We explore the implications of NNPDF3.1 for LHC phenomenology at Run II, compare with recent LHC measurements at 13 TeV, provide updated predictions for Higgs production cross-sections and discuss the strangeness and charm content of the proton in light of our improved dataset and methodology. The NNPDF3.1 PDFs are delivered for the first time both as Hessian sets, and as optimized Monte Carlo sets with a compressed number of replicas."
"The finite temperature spectrum of pseudo-scalar glueballs in a plasma is studied using a holographic model. The glueball is represented by a pseudo-scalar (axion) field living in a five dimensional geometry that comes from a solution of Einstein equations for gravity coupled with a dilaton scalar field. The spectral function obtained from the model shows a clear peak corresponding to the quasi-particle ground state. Analyzing the variation of the position of the peak with temperature, we describe the thermal behavior of the Debye screening mass of the plasma. As a check of consistency, the zero temperature limit of the model is also investigated. The glueball masses obtained are consistent with previous lattice results."
"We consider a scenario inspired by natural supersymmetry, where neutrino data is explained within a low-scale seesaw scenario. We extend the Minimal Supersymmetric Standard Model by adding light right-handed neutrinos and their superpartners, the R-sneutrinos, and consider the lightest neutralinos to be higgsino-like. We consider the possibilities of having either an R-sneutrino or a higgsino as lightest supersymmetric particle. Assuming that squarks and gauginos are heavy, we systematically evaluate the bounds on slepton masses due to existing LHC data."
"Based on the assumption that the dark energy possessing bulk viscosity is homogeneously and isotropically permeated in the universe, we propose three new viscous dark energy (VDE) models to characterize the accelerating universe. By constraining these three models with the latest cosmological observations, we find that they just deviate very slightly from the standard cosmological model and can alleviate effectively the current tension between the local observation by the Hubble Space Telescope and the global measurement by the Planck Satellite. Interestingly, we conclude that a spatially flat universe in our VDE model with cosmic curvature is still supported by current data, and the scale invariant primordial power spectrum is strongly excluded at least at the confidence level in the three VDE models as the Planck result. We also give the upper limits of the typical bulk viscosity parameter in the three VDE scenarios."
"The generalization of the Feynman–Hellmann theorem for resonance states in quantum field theory is derived. On the basis of this theorem, a criterion is proposed to study the possible exotic nature of certain hadronic states emerging in QCD. It is shown that this proposal is supported by explicit calculations in chiral perturbation theory and by large- arguments. Analyzing recent lattice data on the quark mass dependence in the pseudoscalar, vector meson, baryon octet and baryon decuplet sectors, we conclude that, as expected, these are predominately quark-model states, albeit the corrections are non-negligible."
"The transverse momentum () spectra and elliptic flow coefficient () of deuterons and anti-deuterons at mid-rapidity () are measured with the ALICE detector at the LHC in Pb–Pb collisions at = 2.76 TeV. The measurement of the spectra of (anti-)deuterons is done up to 8 GeV in 0–10% centrality class and up to 6 GeV in 10–20% and 20–40% centrality classes. The is measured in the 0.8 &lt;  5 GeV interval and in six different centrality intervals (0–5, 5–10, 10–20, 20–30, 30–40 and 40–50%) using the scalar product technique. Measured , K and p+ transverse-momentum spectra and are used to predict the deuteron spectra and within the Blast-Wave model. The predictions are able to reproduce the coefficient in the measured range and the transverse-momentum spectra for  &gt; 1.8 GeV within the experimental uncertainties. The measurement of the coalescence parameter is performed, showing a dependence in contrast with the simplest coalescence model, which fails to reproduce also the measured coefficient. In addition, the coalescence parameter and the elliptic flow coefficient in the 20–40% centrality interval are compared with the AMPT model which is able, in its version without string melting, to reproduce the measured () and the () trend."
"We explore a two component dark matter model with a fermion and a scalar. In this scenario the Standard Model (SM) is extended by a fermion, a scalar and an additional pseudo scalar. The fermionic component is assumed to have a global and interacts with the pseudo scalar via Yukawa interaction while a symmetry is imposed on the other component – the scalar. These ensure the stability of both dark matter components. Although the Lagrangian of the present model is CP conserving, the CP symmetry breaks spontaneously when the pseudo scalar acquires a vacuum expectation value (VEV). The scalar component of the dark matter in the present model also develops a VEV on spontaneous breaking of the symmetry. Thus the various interactions of the dark sector and the SM sector occur through the mixing of the SM like Higgs boson, the pseudo scalar Higgs like boson and the singlet scalar boson. We show that the observed gamma ray excess from the Galactic Centre as well as the 3.55 keV X-ray line from Perseus, Andromeda etc. can be simultaneously explained in the present two component dark matter model and the dark matter self interaction is found to be an order of magnitude smaller than the upper limit estimated from the observational results."
"Meson spectroscopy at &lt;i&gt;finite&lt;i/&gt; gauge coupling – whereat any perturbative QCD computation would break down – and &lt;i&gt;finite number of colors&lt;i/&gt;, from a &lt;i&gt;top–down holographic string model&lt;i/&gt;, has thus far been entirely missing in the literature. This paper fills this gap. Using the delocalized type IIA SYZ mirror (with &lt;i&gt;SU&lt;i/&gt;(3) structure) of the holographic type IIB dual of large-&lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt; thermal QCD of Mia et al. (Nucl Phys B 839:187. arXiv:0902.1540 [hep-th], 2010) as constructed in Dhuria and Misra (JHEP 1311:001. arXiv:1306.4339 [hep-th], 2013) at finite coupling and number of colors ( number of )-branes wrapping a vanishing two-cycle in the top–down holographic construct of Mia et al. (Nucl Phys B 839:187. arXiv:0902.1540 [hep-th], 2010) = in the IR in the MQGP limit of Dhuria and Misra (JHEP 1311:001. arXiv:1306.4339 [hep-th], 2013) at the end of a Seiberg-duality cascade), we obtain analytical (not just numerical) expressions for the vector and scalar meson spectra and compare our results with previous calculations of Sakai and Sugimoto (Prog Theor Phys 113:843. doi:10.1143/PTP.113.843. arXiv:hep-th/0412141, 2005) and Dasgupta et al. (JHEP 1507:122. doi:10.1007/JHEP07(2015)122. arXiv:1409.0559 [hep-th], 2015), and we obtain a closer match with the Particle Data Group (PDG) results of Olive et al. (Particle Data Group) (Chin Phys C 38:090001, 2014). Through explicit computations, we verify that the vector and scalar meson spectra obtained by the gravity dual with a black hole for all temperatures (small and large) are nearly isospectral with the spectra obtained by a thermal gravity dual valid for only low temperatures; the isospectrality is much closer for vector mesons than scalar mesons. The black-hole gravity dual (with a horizon radius smaller than the deconfinement scale) also provides the expected large-&lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt; suppressed decrease in vector meson mass with increase of temperature."
"We study the innermost stable circular orbit (ISCO) of the metric of the Kerr black hole in modified gravity (Kerr-MOG black hole), which is one of the exact solutions of the field equation of modified gravity in the strong gravity regime. The Kerr-MOG metric is constructed; it is the commonly known Kerr metric in Boyer–Lindquist coordinates by adding a repulsive term like the Yukawa force, which is explained in quantum gravity. In this paper, we numerically calculate the circular orbit of a photon and the ISCO of a test particle of Kerr-MOG black holes."
"The new heavy vector-like top partner (&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) is one of typical features of many new physics models beyond the standard model. In this paper we study the discovery potential of the LHC for the vector-like &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;-quark both in the leptonic and (trilepton) channels at TeV in the single production mode. Our analysis is based on a simplified model including a singlet with charge 2/3 with only two free parameters, namely the &lt;i&gt;TWb&lt;i/&gt; coupling parameter and the top-partner mass . The exclusion limits, evidence and the discovery reach in the parameter plane of , are, respectively, obtained for some typical integrated luminosity at the 14 TeV LHC. Finally we analyze the projected sensitivity in terms of the production cross section times branching fraction for two decay channel."
"A generalized Melvin solution for an arbitrary simple finite-dimensional Lie algebra is considered. The solution contains a metric, &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt; Abelian 2-forms and &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt; scalar fields, where &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt; is the rank of . It is governed by a set of &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt; moduli functions obeying &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt; ordinary differential equations with certain boundary conditions imposed. It was conjectured earlier that these functions should be polynomials—the so-called fluxbrane polynomials. These polynomials depend upon integration constants , . In the case when the conjecture on the polynomial structure for the Lie algebra is satisfied, it is proved that 2-form flux integrals over a proper 2&lt;i&gt;d&lt;i/&gt; submanifold are finite and obey the relations , where the are certain constants (related to dilatonic coupling vectors) and the are powers of the polynomials, which are components of a twice dual Weyl vector in the basis of simple (co-)roots, . The main relations of the paper are valid for a solution corresponding to a finite-dimensional semi-simple Lie algebra . Examples of polynomials and fluxes for the Lie algebras , , , , and are presented."
"Einstein-scalar-&lt;i&gt;U&lt;i/&gt;(2) gauge field theory is considered in a spacetime characterized by and &lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;, which are the hyperscaling violation factor and the dynamical critical exponent, respectively. We consider a dual fluid system of such a gravity theory characterized by temperature &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt; and chemical potential . It turns out that there is a superfluid phase transition where a vector order parameter appears which breaks &lt;i&gt;SO&lt;i/&gt;(3) global rotation symmetry of the dual fluid system when the chemical potential becomes a certain critical value. To study this system for arbitrary &lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt; and , we first apply Sturm–Liouville theory and estimate the upper bounds of the critical values of the chemical potential. We also employ a numerical method in the ranges of and to check if the Sturm–Liouville method correctly estimates the critical values of the chemical potential. It turns out that the two methods are agreed within 10 percent error ranges. Finally, we compute free energy density of the dual fluid by using its gravity dual and check if the system shows phase transition at the critical values of the chemical potential for the given parameter region of and &lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;. Interestingly, it is observed that the anisotropic phase is more favored than the isotropic phase for relatively small values of &lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt; and . However, for large values of &lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt; and , the anisotropic phase is not favored."
"Recently a BPS Alice string has been found in a gauge theory coupled with three charged complex scalar fields in the triplet representation (in JHEP 1709:046 arXiv:1703.08971 [hep-th], 2017). It is a half BPS state preserving a half of the supercharges when embedded into a supersymmetric gauge theory. In this paper, we study zero modes of a BPS Alice string. After presenting &lt;i&gt;U&lt;i/&gt;(1) and translational zero modes, we construct the effective action of these modes. In contrast to a previous analysis of the conventional Alice string for which only large distance behaviors are known, we can exactly perform a calculation in the full space thanks to the BPS properties."
"In the present work, we study the consequences of a recently proposed polynomial inflationary potential in the context of the generalized, modified, and generalized cosmic Chaplygin gas models. In addition, we consider dissipative effects by coupling the inflation field to radiation, i.e., the inflationary dynamics is studied in the warm inflation scenario. We take into account a general parametrization of the dissipative coefficient for describing the decay of the inflaton field into radiation. By studying the background and perturbative dynamics in the weak and strong dissipative regimes of warm inflation separately for the positive and negative quadratic and quartic potentials, we obtain expressions for the most relevant inflationary observables as the scalar power spectrum, the scalar spectral, and the tensor-to-scalar ratio. We construct the trajectories in the –&lt;i&gt;r&lt;i/&gt; plane for several expressions of the dissipative coefficient and compare with the two-dimensional marginalized contours for () from the latest Planck data. We find that our results are in agreement with WMAP9 and Planck 2015 data."
"We revisit the dynamics of a massive scalar field in a Banados, Teitelboim, and Zanelli background taking into account the lack of global hyperbolicity of the spacetime. We approach this issue using the strategy of Ishibashi and Wald which finds a unique smooth solution as the causal evolution of initial data, each possible evolution corresponding to a positive self-adjoint extension of certain operator in a Hilbert space on the initial surface. Moreover, solutions obtained this way are the most general ones satisfying a few physically sensible requirements. This procedure is intimately related to the choice of boundary conditions and the existence of bound states. We find that the scalar field dynamics in the (effective) mass window can be well defined within a one-parametric family of distinct boundary conditions ( being the conformally coupled case), while for the boundary condition is unique (only one self-adjoint extension is possible). It is argued that there is no sensible evolution possible for , and also it is shown that in the range there is a U(1) family of allowed boundary conditions, however, the positivity of the self-adjoint extensions is only motivated but not proven. We focus mainly on describing the dynamics of such evolutions given the initial data and all possible boundary conditions, and in particular we show the energy is always positive and conserved."
"Starting from the pseudo- gauge solution for marginal deformations in OSFT, we analytically compute the relation between the perturbative deformation parameter in the solution and the BCFT marginal parameter , up to fifth order, by evaluating the Ellwood invariants. We observe that the microscopic reason why and are different is that the OSFT propagator renormalizes contact-term divergences differently from the contour deformation used in BCFT."
"We will focus on the effect of a Weyl-invariant model with a quadratic interaction term and a free scalar field . A set of analytic solutions will be obtained for this model. This model provides a dynamical alternative to the standard CDM model. In particular, we will show that the quartic Weyl-invariant model prediction is consistent with the Hubble diagram observations."
"This paper presents single lepton and dilepton kinematic distributions measured in dileptonic events produced in 20.2 of  TeV &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collisions recorded by the ATLAS experiment at the LHC. Both absolute and normalised differential cross-sections are measured, using events with an opposite-charge pair and one or two &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-tagged jets. The cross-sections are measured in a fiducial region corresponding to the detector acceptance for leptons, and are compared to the predictions from a variety of Monte Carlo event generators, as well as fixed-order QCD calculations, exploring the sensitivity of the cross-sections to the gluon parton distribution function. Some of the distributions are also sensitive to the top quark pole mass; a combined fit of NLO fixed-order predictions to all the measured distributions yields a top quark mass value of  GeV, where the three uncertainties arise from data statistics, experimental systematics, and theoretical sources."
"Though not a part of mainstream physics, Salam’s theory of strong gravity remains a viable effective model for the description of strong interactions in the gauge singlet sector of QCD, capable of producing particle confinement and asymptotic freedom, but not of reproducing interactions involving &lt;i&gt;SU&lt;i/&gt;(3) color charge. It may therefore be used to explore the stability and confinement of gauge singlet hadrons, though not to describe scattering processes that require color interactions. It is a two-tensor theory of both strong interactions and gravity, in which the strong tensor field is governed by equations formally identical to the Einstein equations, apart from the coupling parameter, which is of order . We revisit the strong gravity theory and investigate the strong gravity field equations in the presence of a mixing term which induces an effective &lt;i&gt;strong cosmological constant&lt;i/&gt;, . This introduces a &lt;i&gt;strong de Sitter radius&lt;i/&gt; for strongly interacting fermions, producing a confining bubble, which allows us to identify with the ‘bag constant’ of the MIT bag model, . Assuming a static, spherically symmetric geometry, we derive the strong gravity TOV equation, which describes the equilibrium properties of compact hadronic objects. From this, we determine the generalized Buchdahl inequalities for a strong gravity ‘particle’, giving rise to upper and lower bounds on the mass/radius ratio of stable, compact, strongly interacting objects. We show, explicitly, that the existence of the lower mass bound is induced by the presence of , producing a mass gap, and that the upper bound corresponds to a deconfinement phase transition. The physical implications of our results for holographic duality in the context of the AdS/QCD and dS/QCD correspondences are also discussed."
"The analytical method of the QCD running coupling constant is extended to a model with an all-order beta function which is inspired by the famous Novikov–Shifman–Vainshtein–Zakharov beta function of supersymmetric gauge theories. In the approach presented here, the running coupling is determined by a transcendental equation with non-elementary integral of the running scale . In our approach , which reads 0.30642, does not rely on any dimensional parameters. This is in accordance with results in the literature on the analytical method of the QCD running coupling constant. The new “analytically improved” running coupling constant is also compatible with the property of asymptotic freedom."
"Non-factorizable two loop corrections to heavy to light flavor changing neutral current transitions due to matrix elements of current–current operators are calculated analytically for arbitrary momentum transfer. This extends previous work on transitions. New results for transitions are presented. Recent work on polylogarithms is used for the master integrals. For transitions, the corrections are most significant for the imaginary parts of the effective Wilson coefficients in the large hadronic recoil range. Analytical results and ready-to-use fitted results for a specific set of parameters are provided."
"Motivated by the recent LHCb observation of doubly charmed baryon in the final state, we analyze the weak decays of doubly heavy baryons , , , , and under the flavor SU(3) symmetry. The decay amplitudes for various semileptonic and nonleptonic decays are parametrized in terms of a few SU(3) irreducible amplitudes. We find a number of relations or sum rules between decay widths and CP asymmetries, which can be examined in future measurements at experimental facilities like LHC, Belle II and CEPC. Moreover, once a few decay branching fractions have been measured in the future, some of these relations may provide hints for exploration of new decay modes."
"In the standard formulation, the &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) field equations are not invariant under local Lorentz transformations, and thus the theory does not inherit the causal structure of special relativity. Actually, even locally violation of causality can occur in this formulation of &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity. A locally Lorentz covariant &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity theory has been devised recently, and this local causality problem seems to have been overcome. The non-locality question, however, is left open. If gravitation is to be described by this covariant &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity theory there are a number of issues that ought to be examined in its context, including the question as to whether its field equations allow homogeneous Gödel-type solutions, which necessarily leads to violation of causality on non-local scale. Here, to look into the potentialities and difficulties of the covariant &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) theories, we examine whether they admit Gödel-type solutions. We take a combination of a perfect fluid with electromagnetic plus a scalar field as source, and determine a general Gödel-type solution, which contains special solutions in which the essential parameter of Gödel-type geometries, , defines any class of homogeneous Gödel-type geometries. We show that solutions of the trigonometric and linear classes ( and ) are permitted only for the combined matter sources with an electromagnetic field matter component. We extended to the context of covariant &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity a theorem which ensures that any perfect-fluid homogeneous Gödel-type solution defines the same set of Gödel tetrads up to a Lorentz transformation. We also showed that the single massless scalar field generates Gödel-type solution with no closed time-like curves. Even though the covariant &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity restores Lorentz covariance of the field equations and the local validity of the causality principle, the bare existence of the Gödel-type solutions makes apparent that the covariant formulation of &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity does not preclude non-local violation of causality in the form of closed time-like curves."
"We have tested some simple quintessential inflation models, imposing the requirement that they match with the recent observational data provided by the BICEP and Planck team and leading to a reheating temperature, which is obtained via gravitational particle production after inflation, supporting the nucleosynthesis success. Moreover, for the models coming from supergravity one needs to demand low temperatures in order to avoid problems such as the gravitino overproduction or the gravitational production of moduli fields, which are obtained only when the reheating temperature is due to the production of massless particles with a coupling constant very close to its conformal value."
"The Ryu–Takayanagi conjecture connects the entanglement entropy in the boundary CFT to the area of open co-dimension two minimal surfaces in the bulk. Especially in , the latter are two-dimensional surfaces, and, thus, solutions of a Euclidean non-linear sigma model on a symmetric target space that can be reduced to an integrable system via Pohlmeyer reduction. In this work, we construct static minimal surfaces in that correspond to elliptic solutions of the reduced system, namely the cosh-Gordon equation, via the inversion of Pohlmeyer reduction. The constructed minimal surfaces comprise a two-parameter family of surfaces that include helicoids and catenoids in H as special limits. Minimal surfaces that correspond to identical boundary conditions are discovered within the constructed family of surfaces and the relevant geometric phase transitions are studied."
"We computed the leading order Wilson coefficients relevant to all the exclusive decays in the framework of the two Higgs doublet model (2HDM) with a softly broken symmetry by including the corrections. We elucidate the issue of appropriate matching between the full and the effective theory when dealing with the (pseudo-)scalar operators for which keeping the external momenta different from zero is necessary. We then make a phenomenological analysis by using the measured and , for which the hadronic uncertainties are well controlled, and we discuss their impact on various types of 2HDM. A brief discussion of the decays with -leptons in the final state is provided too."
"We describe ColliderBit, a new code for the calculation of high energy collider observables in theories of physics beyond the Standard Model (BSM). ColliderBit features a generic interface to BSM models, a unique parallelised Monte Carlo event generation scheme suitable for large-scale supercomputer applications, and a number of LHC analyses, covering a reasonable range of the BSM signatures currently sought by ATLAS and CMS. ColliderBit also calculates likelihoods for Higgs sector observables, and LEP searches for BSM particles. These features are provided by a combination of new code unique to ColliderBit, and interfaces to existing state-of-the-art public codes. ColliderBit is both an important part of the GAMBIT framework for BSM inference, and a standalone tool for efficiently applying collider constraints to theories of new physics."
"We present the calculation of the next-to-leading order QCD corrections for top-quark pair production in association with an additional jet at hadron colliders, using the modified minimal subtraction scheme to renormalize the top-quark mass. The results are compared to measurements at the Large Hadron Collider run I. In particular, we determine the top-quark running mass from a fit of the theoretical results presented here to the LHC data."
"We propose a new framework, merging High Energy Factorization with final-state jet quenching effects due to interactions in a quark–gluon plasma, to compute di-jet rates at mid-rapidity and forward rapidity. It allows one to consistently study the interplay of initial-state effects with medium interactions, opening the possibility for understanding the dynamics of hard probes in heavy-ion collisions and the QGP evolution in rapidity."
"A method is discussed that allows combining sets of differential or inclusive measurements. It is assumed that at least one measurement was obtained with simultaneously fitting a set of nuisance parameters, representing sources of systematic uncertainties. As a result of beneficial constraints from the data all such fitted parameters are correlated among each other. The best approach for a combination of these measurements would be the maximization of a combined likelihood, for which the full fit model of each measurement and the original data are required. However, only in rare cases this information is publicly available. In absence of this information most commonly used combination methods are not able to account for these correlations between uncertainties, which can lead to severe biases as shown in this article. The method discussed here provides a solution for this problem. It relies on the public result and its covariance or Hessian, only, and is validated against the combined-likelihood approach. A dedicated software package implementing this method is also presented. It provides a text-based user interface alongside a C++ interface. The latter also interfaces to ROOT classes for simple combination of binned measurements such as differential cross sections."
"The strong coupling constant is determined from inclusive jet and dijet cross sections in neutral-current deep-inelastic &lt;i&gt;ep&lt;i/&gt; scattering (DIS) measured at HERA by the H1 collaboration using next-to-next-to-leading order (NNLO) QCD predictions. The dependence of the NNLO predictions and of the resulting value of at the &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt;-boson mass are studied as a function of the choice of the renormalisation and factorisation scales. Using inclusive jet and dijet data together, the strong coupling constant is determined to be . Complementary, is determined together with parton distribution functions of the proton (PDFs) from jet and inclusive DIS data measured by the H1 experiment. The value obtained is consistent with the determination from jet data alone. The impact of the jet data on the PDFs is studied. The running of the strong coupling is tested at different values of the renormalisation scale and the results are found to be in agreement with expectations."
"We consider Einstein–Horndeski–Maxwell gravity, together with a cosmological constant and multiple Horndeski axions. We construct charged AdS planar black holes in general dimensions where the Horndeski axions span over the planar directions. We analyze the thermodynamics and obtain the black hole volumes. We show that the reverse isoperimetric inequality can be violated, implying that these black holes can store information more efficiently than the Schwarzschild black hole."
"While the Higgs characterisation programme is well under way, direct signs for new physics beyond the Standard Model remain elusive. Performing a fit of fully differential Higgs production cross sections at the LHC to a subset of Higgs-relevant effective operators, we discuss the extent to which theoretical uncertainties can limit the sensitivity in such a new physics search programme. Extending the dimension-6 Higgs Effective Field Theory framework by introducing new light degrees of freedom that can contribute to an invisible (or undetectable) Higgs decay width , we show how differential coupling fits can disentangle effects from non-Standard Model couplings and an invisible decay width, as present in many new physics scenarios, such as Higgs-portal dark matter. Including the so-called off-shell measurement that has been advocated as a sensitive determination of the Higgs width in the framework, we show explicitly that this method does not provide complementary sensitivity for scale-separated new physics , which is favoured in beyond the Standard Model scenarios that relate astrophysics and collider phenomenology in the light of non-observation of new physics during run 1 of the LHC."
"In order to answer the question on how much the trilinear Higgs self-coupling could deviate from its Standard Model value in weakly coupled models, we study both theoretical and phenomenological constraints. As a first step, we discuss this question by modifying the Standard Model using effective operators. Considering constraints from vacuum stability and perturbativity, we show that only the latter can be reliably assessed in a model-independent way. We then focus on UV models which receive constraints from Higgs coupling measurements, electroweak precision tests, vacuum stability and perturbativity. We find that the interplay of current measurements with perturbativity already excludes self-coupling modifications above a factor of a few with respect to the Standard Model value."
"Starting from an analytical expression for the Helmholtz free energy we calculate the thermal corrections to the Casimir energy density and entropy within nearby ideal parallel plates in the vacuum of a massless scalar field. Our framework is the Kerr spacetime in the presence of quintessence and massive gravitons. The high and low temperature regimes are especially analyzed in order to distinguish the main contributions. For instance, in the high temperature regime, we show that the force between the plates is repulsive and grows with both the quintessence and the massive gravitons. Regarding the Casimir entropy, our results are in agreement with the Nernst heat theorem and therefore confirm the third law of thermodynamics in the present scenario."
"Flavour physics observables are excellent probes of new physics up to very high energy scales. Here we present FlavBit, the dedicated flavour physics module of the global-fitting package GAMBIT. FlavBit includes custom implementations of various likelihood routines for a wide range of flavour observables, including detailed uncertainties and correlations associated with LHCb measurements of rare, leptonic and semileptonic decays of &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt; mesons, kaons and pions. It provides a generalised interface to external theory codes such as SuperIso, allowing users to calculate flavour observables in and beyond the Standard Model, and then test them in detail against all relevant experimental data. We describe FlavBit and its constituent physics in some detail, then give examples from supersymmetry and effective field theory illustrating how it can be used both as a standalone library for flavour physics, and within GAMBIT."
"This paper reports on the development of a technology involving -enriched scintillating bolometers, compatible with the goals of CUPID, a proposed next-generation bolometric experiment to search for neutrinoless double-beta decay. Large mass (), high optical quality, radiopure -containing zinc and lithium molybdate crystals have been produced and used to develop high performance single detector modules based on 0.2–0.4 kg scintillating bolometers. In particular, the energy resolution of the lithium molybdate detectors near the &lt;i&gt;Q&lt;i/&gt;-value of the double-beta transition of (3034 keV) is 4–6 keV FWHM. The rejection of the -induced dominant background above 2.6 MeV is better than . Less than activity of and in the crystals is ensured by boule recrystallization. The potential of -enriched scintillating bolometers to perform high sensitivity double-beta decay searches has been demonstrated with only exposure: the two neutrino double-beta decay half-life of has been measured with the up-to-date highest accuracy as = [6.90 ± 0.15(stat.) ± 0.37(syst.)] . Both crystallization and detector technologies favor lithium molybdate, which has been selected for the ongoing construction of the CUPID-0/Mo demonstrator, containing several kg of ."
"We describe the open-source global fitting package GAMBIT: the Global And Modular Beyond-the-Standard-Model Inference Tool. GAMBIT combines extensive calculations of observables and likelihoods in particle and astroparticle physics with a hierarchical model database, advanced tools for automatically building analyses of essentially any model, a flexible and powerful system for interfacing to external codes, a suite of different statistical methods and parameter scanning algorithms, and a host of other utilities designed to make scans faster, safer and more easily-extendible than in the past. Here we give a detailed description of the framework, its design and motivation, and the current models and other specific components presently implemented in GAMBIT. Accompanying papers deal with individual modules and present first GAMBIT results. GAMBIT can be downloaded from gambit.hepforge.org."
"Recent developments in quantum gravity have shown the Lorentzian treatment to be a fruitful approach towards the emergence of macroscopic space-times. In this paper, we discuss another related aspect of the Lorentzian treatment: we argue that collective quantum coherence may provide a simple mechanism for highlighting symmetric configurations over generic non-symmetric ones. After presenting the general framework of the mechanism, we show the phenomenon in some concrete simple examples in the randomly connected tensor network, which is tightly related to a certain model of quantum gravity, i.e., the canonical tensor model. We find large peaks at configurations invariant under Lie-group symmetries as well as a preference for charge quantization, even in the Abelian case. In future study, this simple mechanism may provide a way to analyze the emergence of macroscopic space-times with global symmetries as well as various other symmetries existing in nature, which are usually postulated."
"We re-examine the physics of supercritical nuclei, specially focusing on the scattering phase and its dependence on the energy of the diving electronic level, for which we give both exact and approximate formulas. The Coulomb potential is rounded to the constant for . We confirm the resonant behavior of that we investigate in detail. In addition to solving the Dirac equation for an electron, we solve it for a positron, in the field of the same nucleus. This clarifies the interpretation of the resonances. Our results are compared with claims made in previous works."
"Very recently, the LHCb collaboration has observed in the final state a resonant structure that is identified as the doubly charmed baryon . Inspired by this observation, we investigate the weak decays of doubly heavy baryons , , , , , , , and and focus on the decays into spin 1 / 2 baryons in this paper. At the quark level these decay processes are induced by the or transitions, and the two spectator quarks can be viewed as a scalar or axial vector diquark. We first derive the hadronic form factors for these transitions in the light-front approach and then apply them to predict the partial widths for the semileptonic and nonleptonic decays of doubly heavy baryons. We find that the number of decay channels is sizable and can be examined in future measurements at experimental facilities like LHC, Belle II and CEPC."
"Chamseddine and Mukhanov showed that gravity and gauge theories could be unified in one geometric construction provided that a metricity condition is imposed on the vielbein. In this paper we are going to show that by enlarging the gauge group we are able to unify Chern–Simons gauge theory and Chern–Simons gravity in 3-D space-time. Such a unification leads to the quantization of the coefficients for both Chern–Simons terms for compact groups but not for non-compact groups. Moreover, it leads to a topological invariant quantity of the 3-dimensional space-time manifold on which they are defined."
"In this article we study gravitational lensing by non-rotating and asymptotically flat black holes in Horndeski theory. By adopting the strong deflection limit, we calculate the deflection angle, from which we obtain the positions and the magnifications of the relativistic images. We compare our results with those corresponding to black holes in General Relativity. We analyze the astrophysical consequences in the case of the nearest supermassive black holes."
"We present a determination of the strong coupling constant using inclusive top-quark pair production cross section measurements performed at the LHC and at the Tevatron. Following a procedure first applied by the CMS Collaboration, we extract individual values of from measurements by different experiments at several centre-of-mass energies, using QCD predictions complete in NNLO perturbation theory, supplemented with NNLL approximations to all orders, and suitable sets of parton distribution functions. The determinations are then combined using a likelihood-based approach, where special emphasis is put on a consistent treatment of theoretical uncertainties and of correlations between various sources of systematic uncertainties. Our final combined result is ."
"We analyse, in NLO, the physical properties of the discrete eigenvalue solution for the BFKL equation. We show that a set of eigenfunctions with positive eigenvalues, , together with a small contribution from a continuum of eigenfunctions with negative , provide an excellent description of high-precision HERA data in the region, , . The phases of the eigenfunctions can be obtained from a simple parametrisation of the pomeron spectrum, which has a natural motivation within BFKL. The data analysis shows that the first eigenfunction decouples completely or almost completely from the proton. This suggests that there exists an additional ground state, which is naturally saturated and may have the properties of the soft pomeron."
"Wormholes are hypothetical shortcuts in spacetime that in general relativity unavoidably violate all of the pointwise energy conditions. In this paper, we consider several wormhole spacetimes that, as opposed to the standard &lt;i&gt;designer&lt;i/&gt; procedure frequently employed in the literature, arise directly from gravitational actions including additional terms resulting from contractions of the Ricci tensor with the metric, and which are formulated assuming independence between metric and connection (Palatini approach). We reinterpret such wormhole solutions under the prism of General Relativity and study the matter sources that thread them. We discuss the size of violation of the energy conditions in different cases and how this is related to the same spacetimes when viewed from the modified gravity side."
"The Leggett–Garg inequality (LGI), derived under the assumption of realism, acts as the temporal Bell inequality. It is studied in electromagnetic and strong interaction like photonics, superconducting qubits and nuclear spin. The weak interaction two-state oscillations of neutrinos affirmed the violation of Leggett–Garg-type inequalities (LGtI). We make an empirical test for the deviation of experimental results with the classical limits by analyzing the survival probability data of reactor neutrinos at a distinct range of baseline dividing energies, as an analog to a single neutrino detected at different times. A study of the updated data of the Daya Bay experiment unambiguously depicts an obvious cluster of data over the classical bound of LGtI and shows a significance of the violation of them."
"We study analytically the radial Schrödinger equation with long-range attractive potentials whose asymptotic behaviors are dominated by inverse power-law tails of the form with . In particular, assuming that the effective radial potential is characterized by a short-range infinitely repulsive core of radius &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, we derive a compact analytical formula for the threshold energy , which characterizes the most weakly bound-state resonance (the most excited energy level) of the quantum system."
"We discuss the angular correlation present in hadron–hadron collisions at large rapidity difference (). We find that in the CGC/saturation approach the largest contribution stems from the density variation mechanism. Our principal results are that the odd Fourier harmonics () decrease substantially as a function of , while the even harmonics () increase considerably with the growth of ."
"We consider the production of &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; bosons associated with beauty quarks at the LHC using a combined + collinear QCD factorization approach, which interpolates between small &lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt; and large &lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt; physics. Our consideration is based on the off-shell gluon–gluon fusion subprocess at the leading order (where the &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; boson further decays into a lepton pair), calculated in the -factorization approach, and several subleading and subprocesses involving quark–antiquark and quark–gluon interactions, taken into account in conventional (collinear) QCD factorization. The contributions from double parton scattering are discussed as well. The transverse momentum dependent (or unintegrated) gluon densities in a proton are derived from Catani–Ciafaloni–Fiorani–Marchesini (CCFM) evolution equation. We achieve reasonably good agreement with the latest data taken by CMS and ATLAS Collaborations. The comparison of our results with next-to-leading-order pQCD predictions, obtained in the collinear QCD factorization, is presented. We discuss the uncertainties of our calculations and demonstrate the importance of subleading quark-involving contributions in describing the LHC data in the whole kinematic region."
"We find a general expression for the one-loop self-energy function of neutral -meson due to intermediate state in a background magnetic field. The pion propagator used in this expression was given by Schwinger; it is valid for arbitrary magnitudes of this field. Restricting our study to weak fields, we calculate the decay rate , which changes negligibly from the vacuum value."
"Predictions for our ability to distinguish quark and gluon jets vary by more than a factor of two between different parton showers. We study this problem using analytic resummed predictions for the thrust event shape up to NNLL using and as proxies for quark and gluon jets. We account for hadronization effects through a nonperturbative shape function, and include an estimate of both perturbative and hadronization uncertainties. In contrast to previous studies, we find reasonable agreement between our results and predictions from both Pythia and Herwig parton showers. We find that this is due to a noticeable improvement in the description of gluon jets in the newest Herwig 7.1 compared to previous versions."
"Searches for anomalous &lt;i&gt;Zt&lt;i/&gt; and production provide an excellent probe of flavour-changing top interactions when the energies considered are very large. In this note we estimate the sensitivity to these interactions at the high-luminosity phase of the LHC and a future 100 TeV &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collider (FCC-hh). For the LHC, the expected limits on branching ratios from &lt;i&gt;Zt&lt;i/&gt; and production will reach the level, one order of magnitude better than the existing projections for from production. For the FCC-hh, the limits on could reach an impressive sensitivity at the level, with limits on at the level."
"The Oktay–Kronfeld (OK) action extends the Fermilab improvement program for massive Wilson fermions to higher order in suitable power-counting schemes. It includes dimension-six and -seven operators necessary for matching to QCD through order in HQET power counting, for applications to heavy–light systems, and in NRQCD power counting, for applications to quarkonia. In the Symanzik power counting of lattice gauge theory near the continuum limit, the OK action includes all and some terms. To assess whether the theoretical improvement is realized in practice, we study combinations of heavy–strange and quarkonia masses and mass splittings, designed to isolate heavy-quark discretization effects. We find that, with one exception, the results obtained with the tree-level-matched OK action are significantly closer to the continuum limit than those obtained with the Fermilab action. The exception is the hyperfine splitting of the bottom–strange system, for which our statistical errors are too large to draw a firm conclusion. These studies are carried out with data generated with the tadpole-improved Fermilab and OK actions on 500 gauge configurations from one of MILC’s  fm, -flavor, asqtad-staggered ensembles."
"We have investigated the properties of quarkonia in a thermal QCD medium in the background of strong magnetic field. For that purpose, we employ the Schwinger proper-time quark propagator in the lowest Landau level to calculate the one-loop gluon self-energy, which in the sequel gives the effective gluon propagator. As an artifact of strong magnetic field approximation ( and ), the Debye mass for massless flavors is found to depend only on the magnetic field which is the dominant scale in comparison to the scales prevalent in the thermal medium. However, for physical quark masses, it depends on both magnetic field and temperature in a low temperature and high magnetic field but the temperature dependence is very meager and becomes independent of the temperature beyond a certain temperature and magnetic field. With the above mentioned ingredients, the potential between heavy quark (&lt;i&gt;Q&lt;i/&gt;) and anti-quark () is obtained in a hot QCD medium in the presence of a strong magnetic field by correcting both short- and long-range components of the potential in the real-time formalism. It is found that the long-range part of the quarkonium potential is affected much more by magnetic field as compared to the short-range part. This observation facilitates us to estimate the magnetic field beyond which the potential will be too weak to bind together. For example, the is dissociated at 10 and is dissociated at 100 whereas its excited states, and are dissociated at smaller magnetic field , , respectively."
"The combination charge conjugation–parity–time reversal (CPT) is a fundamental symmetry in our current understanding of nature. As such, testing CPT violation is a strongly motivated path to explore new physics. In this paper we study CPT violation in the neutrino sector, giving for the first time a bound, for a fundamental particle, in the CPT violating particle-antiparticle gravitational mass difference. We argue that cosmology is nowadays the only data sensitive to CPT violation for the neutrino–antineutrino mass splitting and we use the latest data release from Planck combined with the current baryonic-acoustic-oscillation measurement to perform a full cosmological analysis. To show the potential of the future experiments we also show the results for Euclid, a next generation large scale structure experiment."
"Observables sensitive to the anomalous production of events containing hadronic jets and missing momentum in the plane transverse to the proton beams at the Large Hadron Collider are presented. The observables are defined as a ratio of cross sections, for events containing jets and large missing transverse momentum to events containing jets and a pair of charged leptons from the decay of a boson. This definition minimises experimental and theoretical systematic uncertainties in the measurements. This ratio is measured differentially with respect to a number of kinematic properties of the hadronic system in two phase-space regions; one inclusive single-jet region and one region sensitive to vector-boson-fusion topologies. The data are found to be in agreement with the Standard Model predictions and used to constrain a variety of theoretical models for dark-matter production, including simplified models, effective field theory models, and invisible decays of the Higgs boson. The measurements use 3.2 fb of proton–proton collision data recorded by the ATLAS experiment at a centre-of-mass energy of 13  and are fully corrected for detector effects, meaning that the data can be used to constrain new-physics models beyond those shown in this paper."
"The Bethe–Salpeter equation for two-body bound system with spin 1/2 constituent is addressed directly in the Minkowski space. In order to accomplish this aim we use the Nakanishi integral representation of the Bethe–Salpeter amplitude and exploit the formal tool represented by the exact projection onto the null-plane. This formal step allows one (i) to deal with end-point singularities one meets and (ii) to find stable results, up to strongly relativistic regimes, which settle in strongly bound systems. We apply this technique to obtain the numerical dependence of the binding energies upon the coupling constants and the light-front amplitudes for a fermion–fermion state with interaction kernels, in ladder approximation, corresponding to scalar-, pseudoscalar- and vector-boson exchanges, respectively. After completing the numerical survey of the previous cases, we extend our approach to a quark–antiquark system in state, taking both constituent-fermion and exchanged-boson masses, from lattice calculations. Interestingly, the calculated light-front amplitudes for such a &lt;i&gt;mock pion&lt;i/&gt; show peculiar signatures of the spin degrees of freedom."
"We study the structure of the neutrino-mass matrix in the minimal gauged model, where three right-handed neutrinos are added to the Standard Model in order to obtain non-zero masses for the active neutrinos. Because of the gauge symmetry, the structure of both Dirac and Majorana mass terms of neutrinos is tightly restricted. In particular, the &lt;i&gt;inverse&lt;i/&gt; of the neutrino-mass matrix has zeros in the and components, namely, this model offers a symmetric realization of the so-called two-zero-minor structure in the neutrino-mass matrix. Due to these constraints, all the CP phases – the Dirac CP phase and the Majorana CP phases and – as well as the mass eigenvalues of the light neutrinos are uniquely determined as functions of the neutrino mixing angles , , and , and the squared mass differences and . We find that this model predicts the Dirac CP phase to be – (–), the sum of the neutrino masses to be –0.22 eV (0.12–0.40 eV), and the effective mass for the neutrinoless double-beta decay to be –0.055 eV (0.017–0.12 eV) at () level, which are totally consistent with the current experimental limits. These predictions can soon be tested in future neutrino experiments. Implications for leptogenesis are also discussed."
"We update the constraints on the cosmological parameters by adopting the Planck data released in 2015 and baryon acoustic oscillation (BAO) measurements including the new DR14 quasar sample measurement at redshift , and we conclude that the six-parameter CDM model is preferred. Exploring some extensions to the CDM model, we find that the equation of state of dark energy reads in the &lt;i&gt;w&lt;i/&gt;CDM model, the effective number of relativistic degrees of freedom in the Universe is in the CDM model and the spatial curvature parameter is in the CDM model at confidence level (C.L.), and the C.L. upper bounds on the sum of three active neutrinos masses are eV for the normal hierarchy (NH) and eV for the inverted hierarchy (IH) with ."
"We introduce ScannerBit, the statistics and sampling module of the public, open-source global fitting framework GAMBIT. ScannerBit provides a standardised interface to different sampling algorithms, enabling the use and comparison of multiple computational methods for inferring profile likelihoods, Bayesian posteriors, and other statistical quantities. The current version offers random, grid, raster, nested sampling, differential evolution, Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) and ensemble Monte Carlo samplers. We also announce the release of a new standalone differential evolution sampler, Diver, and describe its design, usage and interface to ScannerBit. We subject Diver and three other samplers (the nested sampler MultiNest, the MCMC GreAT, and the native ScannerBit implementation of the ensemble Monte Carlo algorithm T-Walk) to a battery of statistical tests. For this we use a realistic physical likelihood function, based on the scalar singlet model of dark matter. We examine the performance of each sampler as a function of its adjustable settings, and the dimensionality of the sampling problem. We evaluate performance on four metrics: optimality of the best fit found, completeness in exploring the best-fit region, number of likelihood evaluations, and total runtime. For Bayesian posterior estimation at high resolution, T-Walk provides the most accurate and timely mapping of the full parameter space. For profile likelihood analysis in less than about ten dimensions, we find that Diver and MultiNest score similarly in terms of best fit and speed, outperforming GreAT and T-Walk; in ten or more dimensions, Diver substantially outperforms the other three samplers on all metrics."
"A formalism for treating the scattering of decuplet baryons in chiral effective field theory is developed. The minimal Lagrangian and potentials in leading-order SU(3) chiral effective field theory for the interactions of octet baryons () and decuplet baryons () for the transitions , , , , , and are provided. As an application of the formalism we compare with results from lattice QCD simulations for and scattering. Implications of our results pertinent to the quest for dibaryons are discussed."
"In this paper, we consider a deformed STU model in four dimensions including both electric and magnetic charges. Using the AdS/CFT correspondence, we study holographic superconductors and obtain transport properties like electrical and thermal conductivities. We obtain transport properties in terms of the magnetic charge of the black hole and interpret it as the magnetic monopole of dual field theory. We find that the presence of the magnetic charge is necessary to have maximum conductivities, and the existence of a magnetic monopole with a critical charge (137 &lt;i&gt;e&lt;i/&gt;) to reach the maximum superconductivity is important. Also, we show that the thermal conductivity increases with increasing of the magnetic charge. It may be concluded that the origin of superconductivity is the magnetic monopole."
"We describe a fully generic implementation of two-body partial decay widths at the full one-loop level in the SARAH and SPheno framework compatible with most supported models. It incorporates fermionic decays to a fermion and a scalar or a gauge boson as well as scalar decays into two fermions, two gauge bosons, two scalars or a scalar and a gauge boson. We present the relevant generic expressions for virtual and real corrections. Whereas wave-function corrections are determined from on-shell conditions, the parameters of the underlying model are by default renormalised in a (or ) scheme. However, the user can also define model-specific counter-terms. As an example we discuss the renormalisation of the electric charge in the Thomson limit for top-quark decays in the standard model. One-loop-induced decays are also supported. The framework additionally allows the addition of mass and mixing corrections induced at higher orders for the involved external states. We explain our procedure to cancel infrared divergences for such cases, which is achieved through an infrared counter-term taking into account corrected Goldstone boson vertices. We compare our results for sfermion, gluino and Higgs decays in the minimal supersymmetric standard model (MSSM) against the public codes SFOLD, FVSFOLD and HFOLD and explain observed differences. Radiatively induced gluino and neutralino decays are compared against the original implementation in SPheno in the MSSM. We exactly reproduce the results of the code CNNDecays for decays of neutralinos and charginos in &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;-parity violating models. The new version SARAH 4.11.0 by default includes the calculation of two-body decay widths at the full one-loop level. Current limitations for certain model classes are described."
"The calculation of the Higgs mass in general renormalisable field theories has been plagued by the so-called “Goldstone Boson Catastrophe,” where light (would-be) Goldstone bosons give infra-red divergent loop integrals. In supersymmetric models, previous approaches included a workaround that ameliorated the problem for most, but not all, parameter space regions; while giving divergent results everywhere for non-supersymmetric models! We present an implementation of a general solution to the problem in the public code SARAH, along with new calculations of some necessary loop integrals and generic expressions. We discuss the validation of our code in the Standard Model, where we find remarkable agreement with the known results. We then show new applications in Split SUSY, the NMSSM, the Two-Higgs-Doublet Model, and the Georgi–Machacek model. In particular, we take some first steps to exploring where the habit of using tree-level mass relations in non-supersymmetric models breaks down, and show that the loop corrections usually become very large well before naive perturbativity bounds are reached."
"Taking into account the time dependence of the Hawking temperature and finite evaporation time of the black hole, the total spectral distributions of the radiant energy and of the number of particles have been explicitly calculated and compared to their temporary (initial) blackbody counterparts (spectral exitances)."
"We revisit the definition and some of the characteristics of quadratic theories of gravity with torsion. We start from a Lagrangian density quadratic in the curvature and torsion tensors. By assuming that General Relativity should be recovered when the torsion vanishes and investigating the behaviour of the vector and pseudo-vector torsion fields in the weak-gravity regime, we present a set of &lt;i&gt;necessary&lt;i/&gt; conditions for the stability of these theories. Moreover, we explicitly obtain the gravitational field equations using the Palatini variational principle with the metricity condition implemented via a Lagrange multiplier."
"In a recent paper it is claimed that vacuum birefringence has been experimentally observed for the first time by measuring the degree of polarization of visible light from a magnetar candidate, a neutron star with a magnetic field presumably as large as . The role of such a strong magnetic field is twofold. First, the surface of the star emits, at each point, polarized light with linear polarization correlated with the orientation of the magnetic field. Depending on the relative orientation of the magnetic axis of the star with the direction to the distant observer, a certain degree of polarization should be visible. Second, the strong magnetic field in the vacuum surrounding the star could enhance the effective degree of polarization observed: vacuum birefringence. We compare experimental data and theoretical expectations concluding that the conditions to support a claim of &lt;i&gt;strong&lt;i/&gt; evidence of vacuum birefringence effects are not met."
"In this work we evaluate analytically the ultraviolet divergences of Lorentz-violating massive O(&lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt;) scalar field theories, which are exact in the Lorentz-violating mechanism, firstly explicitly at next-to-leading order and latter at any loop level through an induction procedure based on a theorem following from the exact approach, for computing the corresponding critical exponents. For attaining that goal, we employ three different and independent field-theoretic renormalization group methods. The results found for the critical exponents show that they are identical in the three distinct methods and equal to their Lorentz-invariant counterparts. Furthermore, we show that the results obtained here, based on the single concept of loop order of the referred terms of the corresponding -function and anomalous dimensions, reduce to the ones obtained through the earlier non-exact approach based on a joint redefinition of the field and coupling constant of the theory, in the appropriate limit."
"The MOSCAB experiment (Materia OSCura A Bolle) uses the “geyser technique”, a variant of the superheated liquid technique of extreme simplicity. Operating principles of the new dark matter detector and technical solutions of the device are reported in detail. First results obtained in a series of test runs taken in laboratory demonstrate that we have successfully built and tested a geyser-concept bubble chamber that can be used in particle physics, especially in dark matter searches, and that we are ready to move underground for extensive data taking."
"Measurements of the associated production of a boson with at least one jet originating from a b quark in proton–proton collisions at are presented. Differential cross sections are measured with data collected by the CMS experiment corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 19.8. bosons are reconstructed through their decays to electrons and muons. Cross sections are measured as a function of observables characterizing the kinematics of the jet and the boson. Ratios of differential cross sections for the associated production with at least one jet to the associated production with any jet are also presented. The production of a boson with at least two jets is investigated, and differential cross sections are measured for the dijet system. Results are compared to theoretical predictions, testing two different flavour schemes for the choice of initial-state partons."
"We study the production of a photon pair in association with two bottom jets at the LHC. This process constitutes an important background to double Higgs production with the subsequent decay of the two Higgs bosons into a pair of photons and &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-quarks respectively. We calculate this process at next-to-leading order accuracy in QCD and find that QCD corrections lead to a substantial increase of the production cross section due to new channels opening up at next-to-leading order and their inclusion is therefore inevitable for a reliable prediction. Furthermore, the approximation of massless &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-quarks is scrutinized by calculating the process with both massless and massive &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-quarks. We find that the massive bottom quark leads to a substantial reduction of the cross section where the biggest effect is, however, due to the use of a four-flavor PDF set and the corresponding smaller values for the strong coupling constant."
"We present the computation of energy–energy correlation in collisions in the back-to-back region at next-to-next-to-leading logarithmic accuracy matched with the next-to-next-to-leading order perturbative prediction. We study the effect of the fixed higher-order corrections in a comparison of our results to LEP and SLC data. The next-to-next-to-leading order correction has a sizable impact on the extracted value of ), hence its inclusion is mandatory for a precise measurement of the strong coupling using energy–energy correlation."
"In this paper we study relativistic static traversable wormhole solutions which are a slight generalization of Schwarzschild wormholes. In order to do this we assume a shape function with a linear dependence on the radial coordinate &lt;i&gt;r&lt;i/&gt;. This linear shape function generates wormholes whose asymptotic spacetime is not flat: they are asymptotically locally flat, since in the asymptotic limit spacetimes exhibiting a solid angle deficit (or excess) are obtained. In particular, there exist wormholes which connect two asymptotically non-flat regions with a solid angle deficit. For these wormholes the size of their embeddings in a three-dimensional Euclidean space extends from the throat to infinity. A new phantom zero-tidal-force wormhole exhibiting such asymptotic is obtained. On the other hand, if a solid angle excess is present, the size of the wormhole embeddings depends on the amount of this angle excess, and the energy density is negative everywhere. We discuss the traversability conditions and study the impact of the -parameter on the motion of a traveler when the wormhole throat is crossed. A description of the geodesic behavior for the wormholes obtained is also presented."
"In the paper, magnetostatic solutions of the Einstein–Maxwell field equations are generated from the gravitational two-soliton solutions of a stationary mass. Using the soliton technique of Belinskii and Zakharov (Sov Phys JETP 48:985, 1978, Sov Phys JETP 50:1, 1979), we construct diagonal two-soliton solutions of Einstein’s gravitational field equations for an axially symmetric stationary space-time and investigate some properties of the generated stationary gravitational metric. Magnetostatic solutions corresponding to the generated stationary gravitational solutions are then constructed using the transformation technique of Das and Chaudhuri (Pramana J Phys 40:277, 1993). The mass and the dipole moment of the source are evaluated. In our analysis we make use of a second transformation (Chaudhuri in Pramana J Phys 58:449, 2002), probably for the first time in the literature, to generate magnetostatic solutions from the stationary gravitational two-soliton solutions which give us simple and straightforward expressions for the mass and the magnetic dipole moment."
"A measurement is presented of the triple-differential dijet cross section at a centre-of-mass energy of 8 using 19.7 of data collected with the CMS detector in proton-proton collisions at the LHC. The cross section is measured as a function of the average transverse momentum, half the rapidity separation, and the boost of the two leading jets in the event. The cross section is corrected for detector effects and compared to calculations in perturbative quantum chromodynamics at next-to-leading order accuracy, complemented with electroweak and nonperturbative corrections. New constraints on parton distribution functions are obtained and the inferred value of the strong coupling constant is , where is the mass of the Z boson."
"We show that in gauge mediation models with tree-level R-symmetry breaking where supersymmetry and R-symmetries are broken by different fields, the gaugino mass either vanishes at one loop or finds a contribution from loop-level R-symmetry breaking. Thus tree-level R-symmetry breaking for phenomenology is either no-go or redundant in the simplest type of models. Including explicit messenger mass terms in the superpotential with a particular R-charge arrangement is helpful to bypass the no-go theorem, and the resulting gaugino mass is suppressed by the messenger mass scale."
"As indicated in our previous paper (Zhang and Sun in Phys. Rev. D 96:034002, 2017), the existing literature studying the production in deeply inelastic scattering (DIS) in collinear factorisation is on the basis of a formalism that will lead to wrong results when the ranges of the transverse momentum or the rapidity of the in the laboratory frame do not cover all values possible for them. In this paper, we present the renewed results for the production in DIS at HERA within the nonrelativistic QCD framework at QCD leading order (LO). Three different sets of the long-distance matrix elements are employed for comparison. The predictions via the colour-singlet (CS) model at QCD LO are generally below the experimental data especially in the regions where perturbation theory are expected to work well, while the colour-octet contributions are of the same order of magnitude as the CS ones, however, in general make the agreement between theory and experiment better."
"We investigate the impact of operators of higher canonical dimension on the lower Higgs-mass consistency bound by means of generalized Higgs–Yukawa interactions. Analogously to higher-order operators in the bare Higgs potential in an effective field theory approach, the inclusion of higher-order Yukawa interactions, e.g., , leads to a diminishing of the lower Higgs-mass bound and thus to a shift of the scale of new physics towards larger scales by a few orders of magnitude without introducing a metastability in the effective Higgs potential. We observe that similar renormalization group mechanisms near the weak-coupling fixed point are at work in both generalizations of the microscopic action. Thus, a combination of higher-dimensional operators with generalized Higgs as well as Yukawa interactions does not lead to an additive shift of the lower mass bound, but it relaxes the consistency bounds found recently only slightly. On the method side, we clarify the convergence properties of different projection and expansion schemes for the Yukawa potential used in the functional renormalization group literature so far."
"In multi-Higgs models, the properties of one neutral scalar state approximate those of the Standard Model (SM) Higgs boson in a limit where the corresponding scalar field is roughly aligned in field space with the scalar doublet vacuum expectation value. In a scenario of alignment without decoupling, a SM-like Higgs boson can be accompanied by additional scalar states whose masses are of a similar order of magnitude. In the Minimal Supersymmetric Standard Model (MSSM), alignment without decoupling can be achieved due to an accidental cancellation of tree-level and radiative loop-level effects. In this paper we assess the impact of the leading two-loop corrections on the Higgs alignment condition in the MSSM. These corrections are sizable and important in the relevant regions of parameter space and furthermore give rise to solutions of the alignment condition that are not present in the approximate one-loop description. We provide a comprehensive numerical comparison of the alignment condition obtained in the approximate one-loop and two-loop approximations, and discuss its implications for phenomenologically viable regions of the MSSM parameter space."
"The extraordinary multi-TeV flare from 1ES 1011+496 during February–March 2014 was observed by the MAGIC telescopes for 17 nights and the average spectrum of the whole period has a non-trivial shape. We have used the photohadronic model and a template extragalactic background light model to explain the average spectrum which fits the flare data well. The spectral index is the only free parameter in our model. We have also shown that the non-trivial nature of the spectrum is due to the change in the behavior of the optical depth above GeV -ray energy accompanied with the high SSC flux. This corresponds to an almost flat intrinsic flux for the multi-TeV -rays. Our model prediction can constrain the SSC flux of the leptonic models in the quiescent state."
"In this article we study the MSSM with stops and Higgs scalars much lighter than gluinos and squarks of the first two generations. In this setup, one should use an effective field theory with partial supersymmetry in which the gluino and heavy squarks are integrated out in order to connect SUSY parameters (given at a high scale) to observables in the stop sector. In the construction of this effective theory, valid below the gluino mass scale, we take into account and effects and calculate the matching as well as the renormalization group evolution. As a result, the running of the parameters for the stop sector is modified with respect to the full MSSM and SUSY relations between parameters are broken. We show that for some couplings sizable numerical differences exist between the effective field theory approach and the naive calculation based on the MSSM running."
"We showed in previous work that for homogeneous Yang–Baxter (YB) deformations of AdSS the open string metric and coupling and as a result the closed string density remain undeformed. In this work, in addition to extending these results to the deformation associated with the modified CYBE or -deformation, we identify the Page forms as the open string counterpart for RR fields and demonstrate case by case that the non-zero Page forms remain invariant under YB deformations. We give a physical meaning to the Killing vector &lt;i&gt;I&lt;i/&gt; of generalized supergravity and show for all YB deformations: (1) &lt;i&gt;I&lt;i/&gt; appears as a current for the center of mass motion on the worldvolume of a D-brane probing the background, (2) &lt;i&gt;I&lt;i/&gt; is equal to the divergence of the noncommutativity parameter, (3) &lt;i&gt;I&lt;i/&gt; exhibits “holographic” behavior where the radial component of &lt;i&gt;I&lt;i/&gt; vanishes at the AdS boundary and (4) in pure spinor formalism &lt;i&gt;I&lt;i/&gt; is related to a certain state in the BRST cohomology."
"A simple classification is given of the anisotropic relativistic star models, resembling the one of charged isotropic solutions. On the ground of this database, and taking into account the conditions for physically realistic star models, a method is proposed for generating all such solutions. It is based on the energy density and the radial pressure as seeding functions. Numerous relations between the realistic conditions are found and the need for a graphic proof is reduced just to one pair of inequalities. This general formalism is illustrated with an example of a class of solutions with linear equation of state and simple energy density. It is found that the solutions depend on three free constants and concrete examples are given. Some other popular models are studied with the same method."
"We use the correspondence between three-dimensional asymptotically flat spacetimes and two-dimensional contracted conformal field theories (CCFTs) to derive the stress tensor correlators of . On the gravity side we use the metric formulation instead of the Chern–Simons formulation of three-dimensional gravity. This method can also be used for the four-dimensional case, where there is no Chern–Simons formulation for the bulk theory."
"We determine the degeneracy factor and the average particle mass of particles that produce the lattice QCD pressure and specific entropy at zero baryon chemical potential. The number of states of the gluons and the quarks are found to converge above MeV to almost constant values, close to the number of states of an ideal quark–gluon phase, while their assigned masses retain high values. The number of states and the average mass of a system containing quarks in interaction with gluons are found to decrease steeply with increase of temperature between and 160 MeV, a region contained within the region of the chiral transition. The minimum value of the number of states within this temperature interval indicates that the states are of hadronic nature."
"The present work discusses motion of neutral and charged particles in Reissner–Nordström spacetime. The constant energy paths are derived in a variational principle framework using the Jacobi metric which is parameterized by conserved particle energy. Of particular interest is the case of particle charge and Reissner–Nordström black hole charge being of same sign, since this leads to a clash of opposing forces—gravitational (attractive) and Coulomb (repulsive). Our paper aims to complement the recent work of Pugliese et al. (Eur Phys J C 77:206. arXiv:1304.2940, 2017; Phys Rev D 88:024042. arXiv:1303.6250, 2013). The energy dependent Gaussian curvature (induced by the Jacobi metric) plays an important role in classifying the trajectories."
"In this letter, we report precise and robust observational constraints on the dark matter–dark energy scattering cross section, using the latest data from cosmic microwave background (CMB) Planck temperature and polarization, baryon acoustic oscillations (BAO) measurements and weak gravitational lensing data from Canada–France–Hawaii Telescope Lensing Survey (CFHTLenS). The scattering scenario consists of a pure momentum exchange between the dark components, and we find at 95% CL from the joint analysis (CMB + BAO + CFHTLenS), where is a typical dark matter particle mass. We notice that the scattering among the dark components may influence the growth of large scale structure in the Universe, leaving the background cosmology unaltered."
"Two correlation functions of Yang–Mills beyond the primitively divergent ones, the two-ghost–two-gluon and the four-ghost vertices, are calculated and their influence on lower vertices is examined. Their full (transverse) tensor structure is taken into account. As input, a solution of the full two-point equations – including two-loop terms – is used that respects the resummed perturbative ultraviolet behavior. A clear hierarchy is found with regard to the color structure that reduces the number of relevant dressing functions. The impact of the two-ghost–two-gluon vertex on the three-gluon vertex is negligible, which is explained by the fact that all non-small dressing functions drop out due to their color factors. Only in the ghost–gluon vertex a small net effect below is seen. The four-ghost vertex is found to be extremely small in general. Since these two four-point functions do not enter into the propagator equations, these findings establish their small overall effect on lower correlation functions."
"The massless Klein–Gordon equation on arbitrary curved backgrounds allows for solutions which develop “tails” inside the light cone and, therefore, do not strictly follow null geodesics as discovered by DeWitt and Brehme almost 60 years ago. A modification of the massless Klein–Gordon equation is presented, which always exhibits null geodesic propagation of waves on arbitrary curved spacetimes. This new equation is derived from a Lagrangian which exhibits current–current interaction. Its non-linearity is due to a self-coupling term which is related to the quantum mechanical Bohm potential."
"We have recently studied a simplified version of the path integral for a particle on a sphere, and more generally on maximally symmetric spaces, and proved that Riemann normal coordinates allow the use of a quadratic kinetic term in the particle action. The emerging linear sigma model contains a scalar effective potential that reproduces the effects of the curvature. We present here further details of the construction, and extend its perturbative evaluation to orders high enough to read off the type-A trace anomalies of a conformal scalar in dimensions and ."
"We discuss symmetries of the Lagrangian of the leptonic sector. We consider the case when this symmetry group is a Coxeter group, and identify the low energy residual symmetries with the involution generators, i.e., generators with order equal to 2. The number of elements of the PMNS matrix predicted by this group structure would depend on the number of generators of this group. We analyze all finite Coxeter groups with two–four generators and check which ones can produce a PMNS matrix that is consistent with experimental data. We then extend the analysis to other groups which can be presented by generators of order 2, and therefore can be seen as subgroups of infinite Coxeter groups."
"We point out that the expansion of the universe leads to a cosmological time evolution of the vacuum expectation of the Higgs boson. Within the standard model of particle physics, the cosmological time evolution of the vacuum expectation of the Higgs leads to a cosmological time evolution of the masses of the fermions and of the electroweak gauge bosons, while the scale of Quantum Chromodynamics (QCD) remains constant. Precise measurements of the cosmological time evolution of , where and are, respectively, the electron and proton mass (which is essentially determined by the QCD scale), therefore provide a test of the standard models of particle physics and of cosmology. This ratio can be measured using modern atomic clocks."
"Chiral potentials are derived for the interactions between Goldstone bosons and pseudo-scalar charmed mesons up to next-to-next-to-leading order in a covariant chiral effective field theory with explicit vector charmed-meson degrees of freedom. Using the extended-on-mass-shell scheme, we demonstrate that the ultraviolet divergences and the so-called power counting breaking terms can be properly absorbed by the low-energy constants of the chiral Lagrangians. We calculate the scattering lengths by unitarizing the one-loop potentials and fit them to the data extracted from lattice QCD. The obtained results are compared to the ones without an explicit contribution of vector charmed mesons given previously. It is found that the difference is negligible for &lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt;-wave scattering in the threshold region. This validates the use of -less one-loop potentials in the study of the pertinent scattering lengths. We search for dynamically generated open-charm states with as poles of the &lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt;-matrix on various Riemann sheets. The trajectories of those poles for varying pion masses are presented as well."
"We analyze the cross section of measured by Belle, BABAR and BESIII experiments. The parameters of the two resonances &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4220) and &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4360) are consistent with that in . A combined fit is performed to the two cross sections assuming the two resonances &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4220) and &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4360) have the same parameters. The parameters of &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4220), &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4360) and &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4660) are determined to be MeV/c, MeV; MeV/c, MeV; MeV/c, MeV, where the first uncertainties are statistical and the second systematic. The ratios and are also obtained, which may help in understanding the nature of these structures."
"We calculate the shift in the masses and decay constants of and mesons in hot and dense asymmetric strange hadronic matter using QCD sum rules and chiral SU(3) model. In-medium strange quark condensates , and gluon condensates , to be used in the QCD sum rules for pseudoscalar and mesons, are calculated using a chiral SU(3) model. As an application of our present work, we calculate the in-medium decay widths of the excited () states and decaying to () mesons. The medium effects in their decay widths are incorporated through the mass modification of the and mesons. The results of the present investigation may be helpful in understanding the possible outcomes of the future experiments like CBM and PANDA under the FAIR facility."
"For the first time, to search for sterile neutrinos in the framework of Finler geometry, we constrain four cosmological models using the most stringent constraint we can provide so far. We find that the Finslerian massless sterile neutrino model can, respectively, give a better cosmological fit to data and alleviate the current tension more effectively than the other three models. For the Finslerian massless sterile neutrino model, we obtain the constraint , which is consistent with at the 1.03 confidence level (CL). This gives a very weak hint of massless sterile neutrinos and may imply the non-existence of massless sterile neutrinos in the Finslerian cosmological setting. For the Finslerian massive sterile neutrino model, we obtain the constraints , which favors at the 1.47 CL, and eV at the 2 CL which is much tighter than the Planck results. This very tight restriction appears to indicate the massive sterile neutrinos are also non-existent in the Finslerian scenarios. Consequently, one may conclude that the sterile neutrinos are possibly non-existent in the Finslerian universe. Our results are compatible with the recent results of the neutrino oscillation experiments implemented by the Daya Bay and MINOS collaborations and the cosmic ray one carried out by the IceCube collaboration."
"We explore the possibility that inflation is driven by supersymmetry breaking with the superpartner of the goldstino (sgoldstino) playing the role of the inflaton. Moreover, we impose an R-symmetry that allows one to satisfy easily the slow-roll conditions, avoiding the so-called -problem, and leads to two different classes of small-field inflation models; they are characterised by an inflationary plateau around the maximum of the scalar potential, where R-symmetry is either restored or spontaneously broken, with the inflaton rolling down to a minimum describing the present phase of our Universe. To avoid the Goldstone boson and be left with a single (real) scalar field (the inflaton), R-symmetry is gauged with the corresponding gauge boson becoming massive. This framework generalises a model studied recently by the present authors, with the inflaton identified by the string dilaton and R-symmetry together with supersymmetry restored at weak coupling, at infinity of the dilaton potential. The presence of the D-term allows a tuning of the vacuum energy at the minimum. The proposed models agree with cosmological observations and predict a tensor-to-scalar ratio of primordial perturbations [see pdf] and an inflation scale [see pdf] GeV. may be lowered up to electroweak energies only at the expense of fine-tuning the scalar potential."
"The post-Newtonian formulation of a general class of &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) theories is set up in a third-order approximation. It turns out that the information of a specific form of &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity is encoded in the Yukawa potential, which is contained in the perturbative expansion of the metric components. Although the Yukawa potential is canceled in the second-order expression of the effective refraction index of light, detailed analysis shows that the difference of the lensing effect between the &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity and general relativity does appear at the third order when is larger than the distance to the gravitational source. However, the difference between these two kinds of theories will disappear in the axially symmetric spacetime region. Therefore only in very rare case the &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) theories are distinguishable from general relativity by gravitational lensing effect in a third-order post-Newtonian approximation."
"We study a generalized non-local theory of gravity which, in specific limits, can become either the curvature non-local or teleparallel non-local theory. Using the Noether symmetry approach, we find that the coupling functions coming from the non-local terms are constrained to be either exponential or linear in form. It is well known that in some non-local theories, a certain kind of exponential non-local couplings is needed in order to achieve a renormalizable theory. In this paper, we explicitly show that this kind of coupling does not need to be introduced by hand, instead, it appears naturally from the symmetries of the Lagrangian in flat Friedmann–Robertson–Walker cosmology. Finally, we find de Sitter and power-law cosmological solutions for different non-local theories. The symmetries for the generalized non-local theory are also found and some cosmological solutions are also achieved using the full theory."
"In a multidimensional Kaluza–Klein model with Ricci-flat internal space, we study the gravitational field in the weak-field limit. This field is created by two coupled sources. First, this is a point-like massive body which has a dust-like equation of state in the external space and an arbitrary parameter of equation of state in the internal space. The second source is a static spherically symmetric massive scalar field centered at the origin where the point-like massive body is. The found perturbed metric coefficients are used to calculate the parameterized post-Newtonian (PPN) parameter . We define under which conditions can be very close to unity in accordance with the relativistic gravitational tests in the solar system. This can take place for both massive or massless scalar fields. For example, to have in the solar system, the mass of scalar field should be g eV. In all cases, we arrive at the same conclusion that to be in agreement with the relativistic gravitational tests, the gravitating mass should have tension: ."
"In this paper we calculate the radio burst signals from three kinds of structures of superconducting cosmic strings. By taking into account the observational factors including scattering and relativistic effects, we derive the event rate of radio bursts as a function of redshift with the theoretical parameters and of superconducting strings. Our analyses show that cusps and kinks may have noticeable contributions to the event rate and in most cases cusps would dominate the contribution, while the kink–kink collisions tend to have secondary effects. By fitting theoretical predictions with the normalized data of fast radio bursts, we for the first time constrain the parameter space of superconducting strings and report that the parameter space of and fit the observation well although the statistic significance is low due to the lack of observational data. Moreover, we derive two types of best fittings, with one being dominated by cusps with a redshift , and the other dominated by kinks at the range of the maximal event rate."
"Advanced LIGO detected a significant gravitational wave signal (GW170104) originating from the coalescence of two black holes during the second observation run on January 4th, 2017. An all-sky high-energy neutrino follow-up search has been made using data from the Antares neutrino telescope, including both upgoing and downgoing events in two separate analyses. No neutrino candidates were found within  s around the GW event time nor any time clustering of events over an extended time window of  months. The non-detection is used to constrain isotropic-equivalent high-energy neutrino emission from GW170104 to less than  erg for a spectrum. This constraint is valid in the energy range corresponding to the 5–95% quantiles of the neutrino flux [3.2 TeV; 3.6 PeV], if the GW emitter was below the Antares horizon at the alert time."
"Surprisingly enough, the ratio of elastic to inelastic cross sections of proton interactions increases with energy in the interval corresponding to ISRLHC (i.e. from 10 to 10 GeV). That leads to special features of their spatial interaction region at these and higher energies. Within the framework of some phenomenological models, we show how the particular ranges of the transferred momenta measured in elastic scattering experiments expose the spatial features of the inelastic interaction region according to the unitarity condition. The difference between their predictions at higher energies is discussed. The notion of central and peripheral collisions of hadrons is treated in terms of the impact-parameter description. It is shown that the shape of the differential cross section in the diffraction cone is mostly determined by collisions with intermediate impact parameters. Elastic scattering at very small transferred momenta is sensitive to peripheral processes with large impact parameters. The role of central collisions in the formation of the diffraction cone is less significant."
"The integrability of the -Einstein-nonlinear -model with nonvanishing cosmological charge is studied. We apply the method of singularity analysis of differential equations and we show that the equations for the gravitational field are integrable. The first few terms of the solution are presented."
"We study the phenomenology of TeV-scale black holes predicted in theories with large extra dimensions, under the further assumption that they are absolutely stable. Our goal is to present an exhaustive analysis of safety of the proposed 100 TeV collider, as it was done in the case of the LHC. We consider the theories with different number of extra dimensions and identify those for which a possible accretion to macroscopic size would have timescales shorter than the lifetime of the Solar system. We calculate the cross sections of the black hole production at the proposed 100 TeV collider, the fraction of the black holes trapped inside the Earth and the resulting rate of capture inside the Earth via an improved method. We study the astrophysical consequences of stable micro black holes existence, in particular its influence on the stability of white dwarfs and neutron stars. We obtain constraints for the previously unexplored range of higher-dimensional Planck mass values. Several astrophysical scenarios of the micro black hole production, which were not considered before, are taken into account. Finally, using the astrophysical constraints we consider the implications for future 100 TeV terrestrial experiments. We exclude the possibility of the charged stable micro black holes production."
"In this paper, we make a deep analysis for the five typical interacting holographic dark energy models with the interaction terms , , , , and , respectively. We obtain observational constraints on these models by using the type Ia supernova data (the Joint Light-Curve Analysis sample), the cosmic microwave background data (Planck 2015 distance priors), the baryon acoustic oscillations data, and the direct measurement of the Hubble constant. We find that the values of for all the five models are almost equal (around 699), indicating that the current observational data equally favor these IHDE models. In addition, a comparison with the cases of an interaction term involving the Hubble parameter &lt;i&gt;H&lt;i/&gt; is also made."
"We present a novel approach to compute generalized parton distributions within the lightfront wave function overlap framework. We show how to systematically extend generalized parton distributions computed within the DGLAP region to the ERBL one, fulfilling at the same time both the polynomiality and positivity conditions. We exemplify our method using pion lightfront wave functions inspired by recent results of non-perturbative continuum techniques and algebraic nucleon lightfront wave functions. We also test the robustness of our algorithm on reggeized phenomenological parameterizations. This approach paves the way to a better understanding of the nucleon structure from non-perturbative techniques and to a unification of generalized parton distributions and transverse momentum dependent parton distribution functions phenomenology through lightfront wave functions."
"The existence of dark matter is undisputed, while the nature of it is still unknown. Explaining dark matter with the existence of a new unobserved particle is among the most promising possible solutions. Recently dark matter candidates in the MeV mass region received more and more interest. In comparison to the mass region between a few GeV to several TeV, this region is experimentally largely unexplored. We discuss the application of a RNDR DEPFET semiconductor detector for direct searches for dark matter in the MeV mass region. We present the working principle of the RNDR DEPFET devices and review the performance obtained by previously performed prototype measurements. The future potential of the technology as dark matter detector is discussed and the sensitivity for MeV dark matter detection with RNDR DEPFET sensors is presented. Under the assumption of six background events in the region of interest and an exposure of 1 kg year a sensitivity of about for dark matter particles with a mass of 10 MeV can be reached."
"The “complexity = action” duality states that the quantum complexity is equal to the action of the stationary AdS black hole within the Wheeler–DeWitt patch at late time approximation. We compute the action growth rates of the neutral and charged black holes in massive gravity and the neutral, charged and Kerr–Newman black holes in &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity to test this conjecture. Besides, we investigate the effects of the massive graviton terms, higher derivative terms and the topology of the black hole horizon on the complexity growth rate."
"We analyze the Chern–Simons-like term generation in the CPT-odd Lorentz-violating Yang–Mills theory interacting with fermions. Moreover, we study the anomalies of this model as well as its quantum stability. The whole analysis is performed within the algebraic renormalization theory, which is independent of the renormalization scheme. In addition, all results are valid to all orders in perturbation theory. We find that the Chern–Simons-like term is not generated by radiative corrections, just like its Abelian version. Additionally, the model is also free of gauge anomalies and quantum stable."
"We derive the Shafieloo, Hazra, Sahni and Starobinsky (SHSS) phenomenological formula for the radioactive-like decay of metastable dark energy directly from the principles of quantum mechanics. To this aim we use the Fock–Krylov theory of quantum unstable states. We obtain deeper insight on the decay process as having three basic phases: the phase of radioactive decay, the next phase of damping oscillations, and finally the phase of power-law decay. We consider the cosmological model with matter and dark energy in the form of decaying metastable dark energy and study its dynamics in the framework of non-conservative cosmology with an interacting term determined by the running cosmological parameter. We study the cosmological implications of metastable dark energy and estimate the characteristic time of ending of the radioactive-like decay epoch to be of the present age of the Universe. We also confront the model with astronomical data which show that the model is in good agreement with the observations. Our general conclusion is that we are living in the epoch of the radioactive-like decay of metastable dark energy which is a relict of the quantum age of the Universe."
"We report the observation of the steering of 855 MeV electrons by bent silicon and germanium crystals at the MAinzer MIkrotron. Crystals with 15 m of length, bent along (111) planes, were exploited to investigate orientational coherent effects. By using a piezo-actuated mechanical holder, which allowed to remotely change the crystal curvature, it was possible to study the steering capability of planar channeling and volume reflection vs. the curvature radius and the atomic number, Z. For silicon, the channeling efficiency exceeds 35%, a record for negatively charged particles. This was possible due to the realization of a crystal with a thickness of the order of the dechanneling length. On the other hand, for germanium the efficiency is slightly below 10% due to the stronger contribution of multiple scattering for a higher-Z material. Nevertheless this is the first evidence of negative beam steering by planar channeling in a Ge crystal. Having determined for the first time the dechanneling length, one may design a Ge crystal based on such knowledge providing nearly the same channeling efficiency of silicon. The presented results are relevant for crystal-based beam manipulation as well as for the generation of e.m. radiation in bent and periodically bent crystals."
"We define and compute the (analog) shear viscosity to entropy density ratio for the QFTs dual to spherical AdS black holes both in Einstein and Gauss–Bonnet gravity in five spacetime dimensions. Although in this case, owing to the lack of translational symmetry of the background, does not have the usual hydrodynamic meaning, it can be still interpreted as the rate of entropy production due to a strain. At large and small temperatures it is found that is a monotonic increasing function of the temperature. In particular, at large temperatures it approaches a constant value, whereas at small temperatures, when the black hole has a regular, stable extremal limit, goes to zero with scaling law behavior. Whenever the phase diagram of the black hole has a Van der Waals-like behavior, i.e. it is characterized by the presence of two stable states (small and large black holes), connected by a meta-stable region (intermediate black holes), the system evolution must occur through the meta-stable region- and temperature-dependent hysteresis of is generated by non-equilibrium thermodynamics."
"It has recently been demonstrated that asymptotically flat neutral reflecting stars are characterized by an intriguing no-hair property. In particular, it has been proved that these horizonless compact objects cannot support spatially regular static matter configurations made of scalar (spin-0) fields, vector (spin-1) fields and tensor (spin-2) fields. In the present paper we shall explicitly prove that spherically symmetric compact reflecting stars can support stationary (rather than static) bound-state massive scalar fields in their exterior spacetime regions. To this end, we solve analytically the Klein–Gordon wave equation for a linearized scalar field of mass and proper frequency in the curved background of a spherically symmetric compact reflecting star of mass &lt;i&gt;M&lt;i/&gt; and radius . It is proved that the regime of existence of these stationary composed star–field configurations is characterized by the simple inequalities . Interestingly, in the regime of weakly self-gravitating stars we derive a remarkably compact analytical equation for the discrete spectrum of resonant oscillation frequencies which characterize the stationary composed compact-reflecting-star–linearized-massive-scalar-field configurations. Finally, we verify the accuracy of the analytically derived resonance formula of the composed star–field configurations with direct numerical computations."
"The results of a search for direct pair production of top squarks in events with two opposite-charge leptons (electrons or muons) are reported, using of integrated luminosity from proton–proton collisions at TeV collected by the ATLAS detector at the Large Hadron Collider. To cover a range of mass differences between the top squark and lighter supersymmetric particles, four possible decay modes of the top squark are targeted with dedicated selections: the decay into a &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-quark and the lightest chargino with , the decay into an on-shell top quark and the lightest neutralino, the three-body decay and the four-body decay . No significant excess of events is observed above the Standard Model background for any selection, and limits on top squarks are set as a function of the and masses. The results exclude at 95% confidence level masses up to about 720 GeV, extending the exclusion region of supersymmetric parameter space covered by previous searches."
"We study the general motion of photons in the Kerr–de Sitter black-hole and naked singularity spacetimes. The motion is governed by the impact parameters &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;, related to the axial symmetry of the spacetime, and &lt;i&gt;q&lt;i/&gt;, related to its hidden symmetry. Appropriate ‘effective potentials’ governing the latitudinal and radial motion are introduced and their behavior is examined by the ‘Chinese boxes’ technique giving regions allowed for the motion in terms of the impact parameters. Restrictions on the impact parameters &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;q&lt;i/&gt; are established in dependence on the spacetime parameters . The motion can be of orbital type (crossing the equatorial plane, ) and vortical type (tied above or below the equatorial plane, ). It is shown that for negative values of &lt;i&gt;q&lt;i/&gt;, the reality conditions imposed on the latitudinal motion yield stronger constraints on the parameter &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt; than that following from the reality condition of the radial motion, excluding the existence of vortical motion of constant radius. The properties of the spherical photon orbits of the orbital type are determined and used along with the properties of the effective potentials as criteria of classification of the KdS spacetimes according to the properties of the motion of the photon."
"In the development of atomic clocks, some atomic transition frequencies are measured with remarkable precision. These measured spectra may include the effects of a new force mediated by a weakly interacting boson. Such effects might be distilled out from possible violation of a linear relation in isotope shifts between two transitions, as known as King’s linearity, with relatively suppressed theoretical uncertainties. We discuss the experimental sensitivity to a new force in the test of the linearity as well as the linearity violation owing to higher-order effects within the Standard Model. The sensitivity to new physics is limited by such effects. We have found that, for , the higher-order effect is in the reach of future experiments. The sensitivity to a heavy mediator is also discussed. It is analytically clarified that the sensitivity becomes weaker than that in the literature. Our numerical results of the sensitivity are compared with other weak force search experiments."
"This article reports world averages of measurements of &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-hadron, &lt;i&gt;c&lt;i/&gt;-hadron, and -lepton properties obtained by the Heavy Flavor Averaging Group using results available through summer 2016. For the averaging, common input parameters used in the various analyses are adjusted (rescaled) to common values, and known correlations are taken into account. The averages include branching fractions, lifetimes, neutral meson mixing parameters,  violation parameters, parameters of semileptonic decays, and Cabbibo–Kobayashi–Maskawa matrix elements."
"In this letter, we study the cosmological dynamics of steeper potential than exponential. Our analysis shows that a simple extension of an exponential potential allows to capture late-time cosmic acceleration and retain the tracker behavior. We also perform statefinder and &lt;i&gt;Om&lt;i/&gt; diagnostics to distinguish dark energy models among themselves and with CDM. In addition, to put the observational constraints on the model parameters, we modify the publicly available CosmoMC code and use an integrated data base of baryon acoustic oscillation, latest Type Ia supernova from Joint Light Curves sample and the local Hubble constant value measured by the Hubble Space Telescope."
"According to the maximum entropy principle, it has been proved that the gravitational field equations could be derived by the extrema of the total entropy for a perfect fluid, which implies that thermodynamic relations contain information as regards gravity. In this manuscript, we obtain a criterion for the thermodynamical stability of an adiabatic, self-gravitating perfect fluid system by the second variation of the total entropy. We show, for Einstein’s gravity with spherical symmetry spacetime, that the criterion is consistent with that for the dynamical stability derived by Chandrasekhar and Wald. We also find that the criterion could be applied to cases without spherical symmetry, or under general perturbations. The result further establishes the connection between thermodynamics and gravity."
"Thermodynamics of rotating black holes described by the Rényi formula as equilibrium and zeroth law compatible entropy function is investigated. We show that similarly to the standard Boltzmann approach, isolated Kerr black holes are stable with respect to axisymmetric perturbations in the Rényi model. On the other hand, when the black holes are surrounded by a bath of thermal radiation, slowly rotating black holes can also be in stable equilibrium with the heat bath at a fixed temperature, in contrast to the Boltzmann description. For the question of possible phase transitions in the system, we show that a Hawking–Page transition and a first order small black hole/large black hole transition occur, analogous to the picture of rotating black holes in AdS space. These results confirm the similarity between the Rényi-asymptotically flat and Boltzmann–AdS approaches to black hole thermodynamics in the rotating case as well. We derive the relations between the thermodynamic parameters based on this correspondence."
"In this paper, the generalized equation of state (GEoS) for dark energy () is investigated with the combined standard ruler data from the observations of intermediate-luminosity radio quasars, galaxy clusters, BAO and CMB. The constraint results show that the best-fit EoS parameters are , and (with a lower limit of at 68.3% C.L.), which implies that at early times the dark energy vanishes. In the framework of nine truncated GEoS models with different parameters, our findings present very clear evidence disfavoring the case that dark energy always dominates over the other material components in the early universe. Moreover, stringent constraints can be obtained in combination with the latest measurements of Hubble parameter at different redshifts: , and (with a lower limit of at 68.3% C.L.). Finally, the results obtained from the transition redshift () and &lt;i&gt;Om&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;) diagnostic indicate that: (1) The above constraints on the GEoS model agree very well with the transition redshift interval within error region. (2) At the current observational level, the GEoS model is practically indistinguishable from CDM, although a small deviation from CDM cosmology is present in the combined standard ruler data."
"The XENON1T dark matter experiment aims to detect weakly interacting massive particles (WIMPs) through low-energy interactions with xenon atoms. To detect such a rare event necessitates the use of radiopure materials to minimize the number of background events within the expected WIMP signal region. In this paper we report the results of an extensive material radioassay campaign for the XENON1T experiment. Using gamma-ray spectroscopy and mass spectrometry techniques, systematic measurements of trace radioactive impurities in over one hundred samples within a wide range of materials were performed. The measured activities allowed for stringent selection and placement of materials during the detector construction phase and provided the input for XENON1T detection sensitivity estimates through Monte Carlo simulations."
"We construct the one-loop and two-loop scotogenic models for Dirac neutrino mass generation in the context of extensions of standard model. It is indicated that the total number of intermediate fermion singlets is uniquely fixed by the anomaly free condition and the new particles may have exotic charges so that the direct SM Yukawa mass term and the Majorana mass term are naturally forbidden. After the spontaneous breaking of the symmetry, the discrete or symmetry appears as the residual symmetry and gives rise to the stability of intermediate fields as DM candidates. Phenomenological aspects of lepton flavor violation, DM, leptogenesis and LHC signatures are discussed."
"We present a feasibility study of top-quark mass measurement using the lepton energy distribution in the top-quark decay at the LHC. The method used in this study requires only the lepton energy distribution at parton level. The analysis is performed in the lepton + jets final state by using fast simulation data corresponding to an integrated luminosity of approximately 20 fb at = 14 TeV. Events with exactly one lepton, at least four jets and two &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt; jets are selected. The lepton energy distribution at parton level is obtained by applying the bin-by-bin unfolding technique. The study shows that the pole mass of the top quark can be measured with an uncertainty of the order of 1 GeV."
"We study one-loop effects induced by an anomalous Higgs trilinear coupling on total and differential rates for the decay and some of the main single-Higgs production channels at the LHC, namely, VBF, &lt;i&gt;VH&lt;i/&gt;, and &lt;i&gt;tHj&lt;i/&gt;. Our results are based on a public code that calculates these effects by simply reweighting samples of Standard-Model-like events for a given production channel. For &lt;i&gt;VH&lt;i/&gt; and production, where differential effects are particularly relevant, we include Standard Model electroweak corrections, which have similar sizes but different kinematic dependences. Finally, we study the sensitivity of future LHC runs to determine the trilinear coupling via inclusive and differential measurements, considering also the case where the Higgs couplings to vector bosons and the top quark is affected by new physics. We find that the constraints on the couplings and the relevance of differential distributions critically depend on the expected experimental and theoretical uncertainties."
"It was argued recently that conformal invariance in flat spacetime implies Weyl invariance in a general curved background for unitary theories and possible anomalies in the Weyl variation of scalar operators are identified. We argue that generically unitarity alone is not sufficient for a conformal field theory to be Weyl invariant. Furthermore, we show explicitly that when a unitary conformal field theory couples to gravity in a Weyl-invariant way, each primary scalar operator that is either relevant or marginal in the unitary conformal field theory corresponds to a Weyl-covariant operator in the curved background."
"The greybody factor of massless, uncharged scalar fields is studied in the background of cylindrically symmetric spacetimes, in the low-energy approximation. We discuss two cases. In the first case we derive analytical expression for the absorption probability when the spacetime is kinetically coupled with the Einstein tensor. In the second case we do the analysis in the absence of the coupling constant. For this purpose we analyze the wave equation which is obtained from Klein–Gordon equation. The radial part of the wave equation is solved in the form of the hypergeometric function in the near horizon region, whereas in the far region the solution is of the form of Bessel’s function. Finally, considering continuity of the wave function we smoothly match the two solutions in the low-energy approximation to get the formula for the absorption probability."
"In this work we start from the Higgs prototype model to introduce a new model, which makes a smooth transition between systems with well-located minima and systems that support no minima at all. We implement this possibility using the deformation procedure, which allows the obtaining a sine-Gordon-like model, controlled by a real parameter that gives rise to a family of models, reproducing the sine-Gordon and the so-called vacuumless models. We also study the thick brane scenarios associated with these models and investigate their stability and renormalization group flow. In particular, it is shown how gravity can change from the 5-dimensional warped geometry with a single extra dimension of infinite extent to the conventional 5-dimensional Minkowski geometry."
"General relativity (GR) characterizes gravity as a geometric properly exhibited as curvature on spacetime. Teleparallelism describes gravity through torsional properties, and can reproduce GR at the level of equations. Similar to &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity, on taking a generalization, &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity can produce various modifications its gravitational mechanism. The resulting field equations are inherently distinct to &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity in that they are second order. In the present work, &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity is examined in the cosmological context with a number of solutions reconstructed by means of an auxiliary scalar field. To do this, various forms of the Hubble parameter are considered with an &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) Lagrangian emerging for each instance. In addition, the inhomogeneous equation of state (EoS) is investigated with a particular Hubble parameter model used to show how this can be used to reconstruct the &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) Lagrangian. Observationally, the auxiliary scalar field and the exotic terms in the FRW field equations give the same results, meaning that the variation in the Hubble parameter may be interpreted as the need to reformulate gravity in some way, as in &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity."
"We revisit the constraints on inflation models by using the current cosmological observations involving the latest local measurement of the Hubble constant ( km s  Mpc). We constrain the primordial power spectra of both scalar and tensor perturbations with the observational data including the Planck 2015 CMB full data, the BICEP2 and Keck Array CMB B-mode data, the BAO data, and the direct measurement of . In order to relieve the tension between the local determination of the Hubble constant and the other astrophysical observations, we consider the additional parameter in the cosmological model. We find that, for the CDM model, the scale invariance is only excluded at the 3.3 level, and is favored at the 1.6 level. Comparing the obtained 1 and 2 contours of with the theoretical predictions of selected inflation models, we find that both the convex and the concave potentials are favored at 2 level, the natural inflation model is excluded at more than 2 level, the Starobinsky inflation model is only favored at around 2 level, and the spontaneously broken SUSY inflation model is now the most favored model."
"The XENON1T experiment at the Laboratori Nazionali del Gran Sasso (LNGS) is the first WIMP dark matter detector operating with a liquid xenon target mass above the ton-scale. Out of its 3.2 t liquid xenon inventory, 2.0 t constitute the active target of the dual-phase time projection chamber. The scintillation and ionization signals from particle interactions are detected with low-background photomultipliers. This article describes the XENON1T instrument and its subsystems as well as strategies to achieve an unprecedented low background level. First results on the detector response and the performance of the subsystems are also presented."
"The complete nonperturbative expressions for the high-temperature expansion of the one-loop effective action induced by the charged scalar and the charged Dirac particles both at zero and finite temperatures are derived with account of possible nontrivial boundary conditions. The background electromagnetic field is assumed to be stationary and such that the corresponding Klein–Gordon operator or the Dirac Hamiltonian is self-adjoint. The contributions of particles and antiparticles are obtained separately. The explicit expressions for the &lt;i&gt;C&lt;i/&gt;-symmetric and the non-&lt;i&gt;C&lt;i/&gt;-symmetric vacuum energies of the Dirac fermions are derived. The leading corrections to the high-temperature expansion due to the nontrivial boundary conditions are explicitly found. The corrections to the logarithmic divergence of the effective action that come from the boundary conditions are derived. The high-temperature expansion of the naive one-loop effective action induced by charged fermions turns out to be divergent in the limit of a zero fermion mass."
"We study the seven-dimensional Minimal Supersymmetric Standard Model (MSSM7) with the new GAMBIT software framework, with all parameters defined at the weak scale. Our analysis significantly extends previous weak-scale, phenomenological MSSM fits, by adding more and newer experimental analyses, improving the accuracy and detail of theoretical predictions, including dominant uncertainties from the Standard Model, the Galactic dark matter halo and the quark content of the nucleon, and employing novel and highly-efficient statistical sampling methods to scan the parameter space. We find regions of the MSSM7 that exhibit co-annihilation of neutralinos with charginos, stops and sbottoms, as well as models that undergo resonant annihilation via both light and heavy Higgs funnels. We find high-likelihood models with light charginos, stops and sbottoms that have the potential to be within the future reach of the LHC. Large parts of our preferred parameter regions will also be accessible to the next generation of direct and indirect dark matter searches, making prospects for discovery in the near future rather good."
"The Riemann tensor is the cornerstone of general relativity, but as is well known it does not appear explicitly in Einstein’s equation of gravitation. This suggests that the latter may not be the most general equation. We propose here for the first time, following a rigorous mathematical treatment based on the variational principle, that there exists a generalized 4-index gravitational field equation containing the Riemann curvature tensor linearly, and thus the Weyl tensor as well. We show that this equation, written in &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt; dimensions, contains the energy-momentum tensor for matter and that of the gravitational field itself. This new 4-index equation remains completely within the framework of general relativity and emerges as a natural generalization of the familiar 2-index Einstein equation. Due to the presence of the Weyl tensor, we show that this equation contains much more information, which fully justifies the use of a fourth-order theory."
"Recent measurements of the differential cross sections in the forward region of pp elastic scattering at 7 and 8 TeV show the precise form of the &lt;i&gt;t&lt;i/&gt; dependence. We present a detailed analysis of these measurements including the structures of the real and imaginary parts of the scattering amplitude. A good description is achieved, confirming in all experiments the existence of a zero in the real part in the forward region close to the origin, in agreement with the prediction of a theorem by Martin, with an important role in the observed form of . A universal value for the position of this zero and regularity in other features of the amplitudes are found, leading to quantitative predictions for the forward elastic scattering at 13 TeV."
"The properties of quark and gluon jets, and the differences between them, are increasingly important at the LHC. However, Monte Carlo event generators are normally tuned to data from collisions which are primarily sensitive to quark-initiated jets. In order to improve the description of gluon jets we make improvements to the perturbative and the non-perturbative modelling of gluon jets and include data with gluon-initiated jets in the tuning for the first time. The resultant tunes significantly improve the description of gluon jets and are now the default in Herwig 7.1."
"The Standard Model (SM) is inadequate to explain the origin of tiny neutrino masses, the dark matter (DM) relic abundance and the baryon asymmetry of the Universe. In this work, to address all three puzzles, we extend the SM by a local U gauge symmetry, three right-handed (RH) neutrinos for the cancellation of gauge anomalies and two complex scalars having non-zero U charges. All the newly added particles become massive after the breaking of the U symmetry by the vacuum expectation value (VEV) of one of the scalar fields . The other scalar field, , which does not have any VEV, becomes automatically stable and can be a viable DM candidate. Neutrino masses are generated using the Type-I seesaw mechanism, while the required lepton asymmetry to reproduce the observed baryon asymmetry can be attained from the CP violating out of equilibrium decays of the RH neutrinos in TeV scale. More importantly within this framework, we study in detail the production of DM via the freeze-in mechanism considering all possible annihilation and decay processes. Finally, we find a situation when DM is dominantly produced from the annihilation of the RH neutrinos, which are at the same time also responsible for neutrino mass generation and leptogenesis."
"We study the gauge sector of the Standard Model Extension (SME) with the Lorentz covariant deformed Heisenberg algebra associated to the minimum length. In order to find and estimate corrections, we clarify whether the violation of Lorentz symmetry and the existence of a minimum length are independent phenomena or are, in some way, related. With this goal, we analyze the dispersion relations of this theory."
"In the original article unfortunately we missed two typos in the equation for at the top of the fourth page of the article."
"Measurements of transverse energy–energy correlations and their associated asymmetries in multi-jet events using the ATLAS detector at the LHC are presented. The data used correspond to proton–proton collisions with an integrated luminosity of 20.2. The results are presented in bins of the scalar sum of the transverse momenta of the two leading jets, unfolded to the particle level and compared to the predictions from Monte Carlo simulations. A comparison with next-to-leading-order perturbative QCD is also performed, showing excellent agreement within the uncertainties. From this comparison, the value of the strong coupling constant is extracted for different energy regimes, thus testing the running of predicted in QCD up to scales over . A global fit to the transverse energy–energy correlation distributions yields , while a global fit to the asymmetry distributions yields a value of ."
"In this work we investigate the equilibrium configurations of white dwarfs in a modified gravity theory, namely, &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity, for which &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt; stand for the Ricci scalar and trace of the energy-momentum tensor, respectively. Considering the functional form , with being a constant, we obtain the hydrostatic equilibrium equation for the theory. Some physical properties of white dwarfs, such as: mass, radius, pressure and energy density, as well as their dependence on the parameter are derived. More massive and larger white dwarfs are found for negative values of when it decreases. The equilibrium configurations predict a maximum mass limit for white dwarfs slightly above the Chandrasekhar limit, with larger radii and lower central densities when compared to standard gravity outcomes. The most important effect of &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) theory for massive white dwarfs is the increase of the radius in comparison with GR and also &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) results. By comparing our results with some observational data of massive white dwarfs we also find a lower limit for , namely, ."
"In this work, we attempt to study the Cabibbo–Kobayashi–Maskawa-favored (“&lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt;” denoting the scalar meson) decays within the perturbative QCD approach at the leading order and the leading power. Although the light scalar mesons are widely perceived as primarily the four-quark bound states, in practice it is hard for us to make quantitative predictions based on the four-quark picture for light scalars. Hence, we calculate the decays with light scalars in the two-quark model. For the decays with scalar mesons above 1 GeV, we have explored two possible scenarios, depending on whether the light scalars are treated as the lowest lying states or four-quark particles. In total, we calculated the branching fractions of 72 decay modes, and most of them are in the range –, which are measurable in the on-going LHCb experiment and the forthcoming Belle-II experiment. Moreover, since in the standard model these decays occur only through tree operators and have no &lt;i&gt;CP&lt;i/&gt; asymmetries, any deviation will be a signal of new physics beyond the standard model. Despite large uncertainties induced by nonperturbative parameters and corrections of high order and high power, our results and discussions will be useful for the on-going LHCb and the forthcoming Belle-II experiments."
"In this work, we investigate the chiral corrections to the magnetic moments of the spin- doubly charmed baryons systematically up to next-to-next-to-leading order with the heavy baryon chiral perturbation theory. The numerical results are given up to next-to-leading order: , , . As a by-product, we have also calculated the magnetic moments of the spin- doubly bottom baryons and charmed bottom baryons: , , , , , ."
"The higgsino world is one of the popular natural SUSY scenarios, in which . As such, searching for light degenerate higgsinos becomes an essential task of testing naturalness in supersymmetry (SUSY). In this work, we study the indirect effects of light higgsinos in the process at future Higgs factories, such as the Circular Electron Positron Collider (CEPC) in China. We find that the higgsino mass parameter favored by naturalness can be covered if the accuracy of the measurement of production can reach 0.1% at 240 GeV CEPC."
"We construct the Chiral Perturbation Theory operators for neutron–antineutron oscillations and use these to estimate chiral and finite volume corrections at one-loop order."
"Considering four-point correlation functions of color-singlet quark bilinears, we investigate, in the large- limit of QCD, the subleading diagrams that involve, in the &lt;i&gt;s&lt;i/&gt;-channel of meson–meson scattering amplitudes, two-quark–two-antiquark intermediate states. The latter contribute, together with gluon exchanges, to the formation, at the hadronic level, of two-meson and tetraquark intermediate states. It is shown that the two-meson contributions, which are predictable, in general, from leading-order -behaviors, consistently satisfy the constraints resulting from the expansion procedure and thus provide a firm basis for the extraction of tetraquark properties from -subleading diagrams. We find that, in general, tetraquarks, if they exist in compact form, should have narrow decay widths, of the order of . For the particular case of exotic tetraquarks, involving four different quark flavors, two different types of tetraquark are needed, each having a preferred decay channel, to satisfy the consistency constraints."
"In the presence of quantum-gravity fluctuations (space-time foam), the CPT operator may be ill-defined. Its perturbative treatment leads to a modification of the Einstein–Podolsky–Rosen correlation of the neutral meson system by adding an entanglement-weakening term of the wrong exchange symmetry, the -effect. In the current paper we identify how to probe the complex in the entangled -system using the flavour (&lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;)–CP(&lt;i&gt;g&lt;i/&gt;) eigenstate decay channels: the connection between the intensities for the two time-ordered decays (&lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;g&lt;i/&gt;) and (&lt;i&gt;g&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;) is lost. Appropriate observables are constructed allowing independent experimental determinations of Re() and Im(), disentangled from CPT violation in the evolution Hamiltonian Re() and Im(). tensions for both Re() and Im() are shown to be uncorrelated."
"Several experimental collaborations worldwide intend to test sterile neutrino models by measuring the disappearance of antineutrinos produced via isotope decay at rest (IsoDAR). The most advanced of these proposals have very similar setups, in which a proton beam strikes a target yielding neutrons which are absorbed by a high isotopic purity converter, yielding whose resulting decay yields the antineutrinos. In this note, we use FLUKA and GEANT4 simulations to investigate three proposed modifications of this standard proposal. In the first, the is replaced with compounds including a deuterium moderator. In the second, a gap is placed between the target and the converter to reduce the neutron bounce-back. Finally, we consider cooling the converter with liquid nitrogen. We find that these modifications can increase the antineutrino yield by as much as 50%. The first also substantially reduces the quantity of high purity which is needed."
"There are some corrections on the last line of Table. 1 and 2 for the decays involving the and in the original publication."
"Here we analyse a particular type of &lt;i&gt;F&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity, the so-called exponential gravity which includes an exponential function of the Ricci scalar in the action. Such a term represents a correction to the usual Hilbert–Einstein action. By using Supernovae Ia, Barionic Acoustic Oscillations, Cosmic Microwave Background and &lt;i&gt;H&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;) data, the free parameters of the model are well constrained. The results show that such corrections to General Relativity become important at cosmological scales and at late times, providing an alternative to the dark energy problem. In addition, the fits do not determine any significant difference statistically with respect to the CDM model. Finally, such model is extended to include the inflationary epoch in the same gravitational Lagrangian. As shown in the paper, the additional terms can reproduce the inflationary epoch and satisfy the constraints from Planck data."
"The mass spectrum of the kaon family is analyzed by the modified Godfrey–Isgur model with a color screening effect approximating the kaon as a heavy–light meson system. This analysis gives us the structure and possible assignments of the observed kaon candidates, which can be tested by comparing the theoretical results of their two-body strong decays with the experimental data. Additionally, prediction of some partial decay widths is made on the kaons still missing in experiment. This study is crucial to establishing the kaon family and searching for their higher excitations in the future."
"The study of quasi-periodic oscillations (QPOs) of X-ray flux observed in the stellar-mass black hole binaries can provide a powerful tool for testing of the phenomena occurring in the strong gravity regime. Magnetized versions of the standard geodesic models of QPOs can explain the observationally fixed data from the three microquasars. We perform a successful fitting of the HF QPOs observed for three microquasars, GRS 1915+105, XTE 1550-564 and GRO 1655-40, containing black holes, for magnetized versions of both epicyclic resonance and relativistic precession models and discuss the corresponding constraints of parameters of the model, which are the mass and spin of the black hole and the parameter related to the external magnetic field. The estimated magnetic field intensity strongly depends on the type of objects giving the observed HF QPOs. It can be as small as  G if electron oscillatory motion is relevant, but it can be by many orders higher for protons or ions (0.02–1 G), or even higher for charged dust or such exotic objects as lighting balls, etc. On the other hand, if we know by any means the magnetic field intensity, our model implies strong limit on the character of the oscillating matter, namely its specific charge."
"We solve a -dimensional cylindrical gravitational-wave solution of the Einstein equation, in which there are two curvature singularities. Then we show that one of the curvature singularities can be removed by an extension of the spacetime. The result exemplifies that the curvature singularity is not always a spacetime singularity; in other words, the curvature singularity cannot serve as a criterion for spacetime singularities."
"We reevaluate the Zemach, recoil and polarizability corrections to the hyperfine splitting in muonic hydrogen expressing them through the low-energy proton structure constants and obtain the precise values of the Zemach radius and two-photon exchange (TPE) contribution. The uncertainty of TPE correction to S energy levels in muonic hydrogen of 105 ppm exceeds the ppm accuracy level of the forthcoming 1S hyperfine splitting measurements at PSI, J-PARC and RIKEN-RAL."
"CUORE is a tonne-scale cryogenic detector operating at the Laboratori Nazionali del Gran Sasso (LNGS) that uses tellurium dioxide bolometers to search for neutrinoless double-beta decay of Te. CUORE is also suitable to search for low energy rare events such as solar axions or WIMP scattering, thanks to its ultra-low background and large target mass. However, to conduct such sensitive searches requires improving the energy threshold to 10 keV. In this paper, we describe the analysis techniques developed for the low energy analysis of CUORE-like detectors, using the data acquired from November 2013 to March 2015 by CUORE-0, a single-tower prototype designed to validate the assembly procedure and new cleaning techniques of CUORE. We explain the energy threshold optimization, continuous monitoring of the trigger efficiency, data and event selection, and energy calibration at low energies in detail. We also present the low energy background spectrum of CUORE-0 below . Finally, we report the sensitivity of CUORE to WIMP annual modulation using the CUORE-0 energy threshold and background, as well as an estimate of the uncertainty on the nuclear quenching factor from nuclear recoils inCUORE-0."
"We investigate the phenomenology of the MSSM extended by a single &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;-parity-violating coupling at the unification scale. For all &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;-parity-violating couplings, we discuss the evolution of the particle spectra through the renormalization group equations and the nature of the lightest supersymmetric particle (LSP) within the CMSSM, as an example of a specific complete supersymmetric model. We use the nature of the LSP to classify the possible signatures. For each possible scenario we present in detail the current LHC bounds on the supersymmetric particle masses, typically obtained using simplified models. From this we determine the present coverage of &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;-parity-violating models at the LHC. We find several gaps, in particular for a stau-LSP, which is easily obtained in &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;-parity-violating models. Using the program CheckMATE we recast existing LHC searches to set limits on the parameters of all &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;-parity-violating CMSSMs. We find that virtually all of them are either more strongly constrained or similarly constrained in comparison to the &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;-parity-conserving CMSSM, including the models. For each &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;-parity-violating CMSSM we then give the explicit lower mass bounds on all relevant supersymmetric particles."
"We show that a CP-violating interaction induced by a derivative coupling between the running vacuum and a non-conserving baryon current may dynamically break CPT and trigger baryogenesis through an effective chemical potential. By assuming a non-singular class of running vacuum cosmologies which provides a complete cosmic history (from an early inflationary de Sitter stage to the present day quasi-de Sitter acceleration), it is found that an acceptable baryon asymmetry is generated for many different choices of the model parameters. It is interesting that the same ingredient (running vacuum energy density) addresses several open cosmological questions/problems: avoids the initial singularity, provides a smooth exit for primordial inflation, alleviates both the coincidence and the cosmological constant problems, and, finally, is also capable of explaining the generation of matter-antimatter asymmetry in the very early Universe."
"We calculate the Sivers and azimuthal asymmetries in production in the polarized and unpolarized semi-inclusive &lt;i&gt;ep&lt;i/&gt; collision, respectively, using the formalism based on the transverse momentum-dependent parton distributions (TMDs). The non-relativistic QCD-based color octet model is employed in calculating the production rate. The Sivers asymmetry in this process directly probes the gluon Sivers function. The estimated Sivers asymmetry at is negative, which is in good agreement with the COMPASS data. The effect of TMD evolution on the Sivers asymmetry is also investigated. The asymmetry is sizable and probes the linearly polarized gluon distribution in an unpolarized proton."
"Different black hole solutions of the coupled Einstein–Yang–Mills equations have been well known for a long time. They have attracted much attention from mathematicians and physicists since their discovery. In this work, we analyze black holes associated with the gauge Lorentz group. In particular, we study solutions which identify the gauge connection with the spin connection. This &lt;i&gt;ansatz&lt;i/&gt; allows one to find exact solutions to the complete system of equations. By using this procedure, we show the equivalence between the Yang–Mills–Lorentz model in curved space-time and a particular set of extended gravitational theories."
"We present the charged-particle multiplicity distributions over a wide pseudorapidity range () for pp collisions at , and 8 TeV at the LHC. Results are based on information from the Silicon Pixel Detector and the Forward Multiplicity Detector of ALICE, extending the pseudorapidity coverage of the earlier publications and the high-multiplicity reach. The measurements are compared to results from the CMS experiment and to PYTHIA, PHOJET and EPOS LHC event generators, as well as IP-Glasma calculations."
"We study the discovery potential for the mixing of heavy isospin-singlet neutrinos in extensions of the Tokai-to-Kamioka (T2K) experiment, the Tokai-to-Hyper-Kamiokande (T2HK), the Tokai-to-Hyper-Kamiokande-to-Korea (T2HKK) with a Korea detector with  km baseline length and off-axis angle, and a plan of adding a small detector at Oki Islands to the T2HK. We further pursue the possibility of measuring the neutrino mass hierarchy and the standard &lt;i&gt;CP&lt;i/&gt;-violating phase in the presence of heavy neutrino mixing by fitting data with the standard oscillation parameters only. We show that the sensitivity to heavy neutrino mixing is highly dependent on and new &lt;i&gt;CP&lt;i/&gt;-violating phases in the heavy neutrino mixing matrix, and deteriorates considerably when these phases conspire to suppress interference between the standard oscillation amplitude and an amplitude arising from heavy neutrino mixing, at the first oscillation peak. Although this suppression is avoided by the use of a beam with smaller off-axis angle, the T2HKK and the T2HKsmall Oki detector do not show improvement over the T2HK. As for the mass hierarchy measurement, the wrong mass hierarchy is possibly favored in the T2HK because heavy neutrino mixing can mimic matter effects. In contrast, the T2HKK and the T2HK+small Oki detector are capable of correctly measuring the mass hierarchy despite heavy neutrino mixing, as measurements with different baselines resolve degeneracy between heavy neutrino mixing and matter effects. Notably, adding a small detector at Oki to the T2HK drastically ameliorates the sensitivity, which is the central appeal of this paper. As for the measurement, there can be a sizable discrepancy between the true and the value obtained by fitting data with the standard oscillation parameters only, which can be comparable to resolution of the measurement. Hence, if a hint of heavy neutrino mixing is discovered, it is necessary to incorporate the effects of heavy neutrino mixing to measure correctly."
"We calculate explicitly the one-loop effective potential in different Lorentz-breaking field theory models. First, we consider a Yukawa-like theory and some examples of Lorentz-violating extensions of scalar QED. We observe, for the extended QED models, that the resulting effective potential converges to the known result in the limit in which Lorentz symmetry is restored. Besides, the one-loop corrections to the effective potential in all the cases we study depend on the background tensors responsible for the Lorentz-symmetry violation. This has consequences for physical quantities like, for example, in the induced mass due to the Coleman–Weinberg mechanism."
"The evolution of the bulk viscous matter dominated universe has been analysed using the full causal theory for the evolution of the viscous pressure in the context of the recent acceleration of the universe. The form of the viscosity is taken as We obtained analytical solutions for the Hubble parameter and scale factor of the universe. The model parameters have been computed using the observational data. The evolution of the prominent cosmological parameters was obtained. The age of the universe for the best estimated model parameters is found to be less than observational value. The viscous matter behaves like a stiff fluid in the early phase and evolves to a negative pressure fluid in the later phase. The equation of state is found to be stabilised with value The local as well as generalised second law of thermodynamics is satisfied. The statefinder diagnostic shows that this model is distinct from the standard CDM. One of the marked deviations seen in this model to be compared with the corresponding model using the Eckart approach is that in this model the bulk viscosity decreases with the expansion of the universe, while in the Eckart formalism it increases from negative values in the early universe towards positive values."
"Observation shows that the velocities of stars grow by approximately 2–3 orders of magnitude when the distances from the centers of the galaxies are in the range of 0.5–82.3 kpc, before they begin to tend to a constant value. Up to now, the reason for this behavior is still a matter for debate. In this work, we propose a model which adequately describes this unusual behavior using a (nearly) cylindrical symmetrical solution in the framework of a scalar–tensor-like (the Brans–Dicke model) theory of gravity."
"In string compactifications, frequently the anomalous &lt;i&gt;U&lt;i/&gt;(1) gauge symmetry appears which belongs to of the heterotic string. This anomalous &lt;i&gt;U&lt;i/&gt;(1) gauge boson obtains mass at the compactification scale () by absorbing one pseudoscalar (corresponding to the model-independent axion) from the second rank antisymmetric tensor field . Below the compactification scale a global symmetry  results whose charge is the original gauge &lt;i&gt;U&lt;i/&gt;(1) charge. This is the most natural global symmetry, realizing the “invisible” axion. This global symmetry  is suitable for a flavor symmetry. In the simplest compactification model with the flipped SU(5) grand unification, all the low energy parameters are calculated in terms of the vacuum expectation values of the standard model singlets."
"We present a cylindrically symmetric solution, both charged and uncharged, which is known as a black string solution to the nonlinear ghost-free massive gravity found by de Rham, Gabadadze, and Tolley (dRGT). This “dRGT black string” can be thought of as a generalization of the black string solution found by Lemos. Moreover, the dRGT black string solution includes other classes of black string solution such as the monopole-black string ones since the graviton mass contributes to the global monopole term as well as the cosmological-constant term. To investigate the solution, we compute mass, temperature, and entropy of the dRGT black string. We found that the existence of the graviton mass drastically affects the thermodynamics of the black string. Furthermore, the Hawking–Page phase transition is found to be possible for the dRGT black string as well as the charged dRGT black string. The dRGT black string solution is thermodynamically stable for with negative thermodynamical potential and positive heat capacity while it is unstable for where the potential is positive."
"A search is presented for an excess of events with heavy-flavor quark pairs ( and ) and a large imbalance in transverse momentum in data from proton–proton collisions at a center-of-mass energy of 13. The data correspond to an integrated luminosity of 2.2 collected with the CMS detector at the CERN LHC. No deviations are observed with respect to standard model predictions. The results are used in the first interpretation of dark matter production in and final states in a simplified model. This analysis is also the first to perform a statistical combination of searches for dark matter produced with different heavy-flavor final states. The combination provides exclusions that are stronger than those achieved with individual heavy-flavor final states."
"The strong corrections to the &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;-ratio of electron–positron annihilation into hadrons are studied at the higher-loop levels. Specifically, the derivation of a general form of the commonly employed approximate expression for the &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;-ratio (which constitutes its truncated re-expansion at high energies) is delineated, the appearance of the pertinent -terms is expounded, and their basic features are examined. It is demonstrated that the validity range of such approximation is strictly limited to and that it converges rather slowly when the energy scale approaches this value. The spectral function required for the proper calculation of the &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;-ratio is explicitly derived and its properties at the higher-loop levels are studied. The developed method of calculation of the spectral function enables one to obtain the explicit expression for the latter at an arbitrary loop level. By making use of the derived spectral function the proper expression for the &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;-ratio is calculated up to the five-loop level and its properties are examined. It is shown that the loop convergence of the proper expression for the &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;-ratio is better than that of its commonly employed approximation. The impact of the omitted higher-order -terms on the latter is also discussed."
"The LHCf data on were considered in three rapidity ranges"
"We present a model-independent study aimed at characterising the nature of possible resonances in the jet-photon or jet-&lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; final state at hadron colliders. Such resonances are expected in many models of compositeness and would be a clear indication of new physics. At leading order, in the narrow width approximation, the matrix elements are parameterised by just a few constants describing the coupling of the various helicities to the resonance. We present the full structure of such amplitudes up to spin 2 and use them to simulate relevant kinematic distributions that could serve to constrain the coupling structure. This also generalises the signal generation strategy that is currently pursued by ATLAS and CMS to the most general case in the considered channels. While the determination of the P/CP properties of the interaction seems to be out of reach within this framework, there is a wealth of information to be gained about the spin of the resonance and the relative couplings of the helicities."
"A dark sector with a solitonic component provides a means to circumvent the problem of generically low annihilation cross sections of very heavy dark matter particles. At the same time, enhanced annihilation cross sections are necessary for indirect detection of very heavy dark matter components beyond 100 TeV. Non-thermally produced dark matter in this mass range could therefore contribute to the cosmic -ray and neutrino flux above 100 TeV, and massive Skyrmions provide an interesting framework for the discussion of these scenarios. Therefore a Higgs portal and a neutrino portal for very heavy Skyrmion dark matter are discussed. The Higgs portal model demonstrates a dark mediator bottleneck, where limitations on particle annihilation cross sections will prevent a signal from the potentially large soliton annihilation cross sections. This problem can be avoided in models where the dark mediator decays. This is illustrated by the neutrino portal for Skyrmion dark matter."
"In the background of the homogeneous and isotropic FLRW model, the thermodynamics of the interacting DE fluid is investigated in the present work. By studying the thermodynamical parameters, namely the heat capacities and the compressibilities, both thermal and mechanical stability are discussed and the restrictions on the equation of state parameter of the dark fluid are analyzed."
"We probe the two-scale-factor universality hypothesis by evaluating, firstly explicitly and analytically at the one-loop order, the loop quantum corrections to the amplitude ratios for &lt;i&gt;O&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt;) scalar field theories with rotation symmetry breaking in three distinct and independent methods in which the rotation symmetry-breaking mechanism is treated exactly. We show that the rotation symmetry-breaking amplitude ratios turn out to be identical in the three methods and equal to their respective rotation symmetry-breaking ones, although the amplitudes themselves, in general, depend on the method employed and on the rotation symmetry-breaking parameter. At the end, we show that all these results can be generalized, through an inductive process based on a general theorem emerging from the exact calculation, to any loop level and physically interpreted based on symmetry ideas."
"We present the HiggsPO UFO model for Monte Carlo event generation of electroweak &lt;i&gt;VH&lt;i/&gt; and VBF Higgs production processes at NLO in QCD in the formalism of Higgs pseudo-observables (PO). We illustrate the use of this tool by studying the QCD corrections, matched to a parton shower, for several benchmark points in the Higgs PO parameter space. We find that, while being sizable and thus important to be considered in realistic experimental analyses, the QCD higher-order corrections largely factorize. As an additional finding, based on the NLO results, we advocate to consider 2D distributions of the two-jet azimuthal-angle difference and the leading jet for new physics searches in VBF Higgs production. The HiggsPO UFO model is publicly available."
"We investigate the impact of displaced heavy-quark matching scales in a global fit. The heavy-quark matching scale determines at which energy scale the QCD theory transitions from to in the variable flavor number scheme (VFNS) for the evolution of the parton distribution functions (PDFs) and strong coupling . We study the variation of the matching scales, and their impact on a global PDF fit of the combined HERA data. As the choice of the matching scale effectively is a choice of scheme, this represents a theoretical uncertainty; ideally, we would like to see minimal dependence on this parameter. For the transition across the charm quark (from to 4), we find a large dependence of the global fit at NLO, but this is significantly reduced at NNLO. For the transition across the bottom quark (from to 5), we have a reduced dependence of the at both NLO and NNLO as compared to the charm. This feature is now implemented in xFitter 2.0.0, an open source QCD fit framework."
"The resonance is investigated as the diquark–antidiquark state with spin–parity . The mass and current coupling of the resonance are evaluated using QCD two-point sum rule and taking into account the vacuum condensates up to ten dimensions. We study the vertices by applying the QCD light-cone sum rule to compute the corresponding strong couplings and widths of the decays . We explore also the vertices and calculate the couplings and the widths of the decay channels . To this end, we calculate the mass and decay constants of the and mesons. The results obtained are compared with experimental data of the Belle Collaboration."
"What are the conditions on a field theoretic model leading to a finite entanglement entropy density? We prove two very general results: (1) Ultraviolet finiteness of a theory does not guarantee finiteness of the entropy density; (2) If the spectral dimension of the spatial boundary across which the entropy is calculated is non-negative at all scales, then the entanglement entropy cannot be finite. These conclusions, which we verify in several examples, negatively affect all quantum-gravity models, since their spectral dimension is always positive. Possible ways out are considered, including abandoning the definition of the entanglement entropy in terms of the boundary return probability or admitting an analytic continuation (not a regularization) of the usual definition. In the second case, one can get a finite entanglement entropy density in multi-fractional theories and causal dynamical triangulations."
"We search for theories, in general spacetime dimensions, that would incorporate a dilaton and higher powers of the scalar Ricci curvature such that they have exact S- or T-self-dualities. The theories we find are free of Ostrogradsky instabilities. We also show that within the framework we are confining ourselves, a theory of the form mentioned above cannot have both T- and S-dualities except for the case where the action is linear in the scalar curvature."
"It is well known that, in a braneworld model, the localization of fermions on a lower dimensional submanifold (say a TeV 3-brane) is governed by the gravity in the bulk, which also determines the corresponding phenomenology on the brane. Here we consider a five dimensional warped spacetime where the bulk geometry is governed by higher curvature like &lt;i&gt;F&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity. In such a scenario, we explore the role of higher curvature terms on the localization of bulk fermions which in turn determines the effective radion–fermion coupling on the brane. Our result reveals that, for appropriate choices of the higher curvature parameter, the profiles of the massless chiral modes of the fermions may get localized near the TeV brane, while those for massive Kaluza–Klein (KK) fermions localize towards the Planck brane. We also explore these features in the dual scalar–tensor model by appropriate transformations. The localization property turns out to be identical in the two models. This rules out the possibility of any signature of massive KK fermions in TeV scale collider experiments due to higher curvature gravity effects."
"In this article, we distinguish the contributions of the positive parity and negative parity states, study the masses and pole residues of the 1S, 1P, 2S and 2P states with the spin and using the QCD sum rules in a consistent way, and we revisit the assignments of the new narrow excited states. The predictions support assigning to the 1P state with , assigning to the 1P state with or the 2S state with , and assigning to the 2S state with ."
"We introduce DarkBit, an advanced software code for computing dark matter constraints on various extensions to the Standard Model of particle physics, comprising both new native code and interfaces to external packages. This release includes a dedicated signal yield calculator for gamma-ray observations, which significantly extends current tools by implementing a cascade-decay Monte Carlo, as well as a dedicated likelihood calculator for current and future experiments (gamLike). This provides a general solution for studying complex particle physics models that predict dark matter annihilation to a multitude of final states. We also supply a direct detection package that models a large range of direct detection experiments (DDCalc), and that provides the corresponding likelihoods for arbitrary combinations of spin-independent and spin-dependent scattering processes. Finally, we provide custom relic density routines along with interfaces to DarkSUSY, micrOMEGAs, and the neutrino telescope likelihood package nulike. DarkBit is written in the framework of the Global And Modular Beyond the Standard Model Inference Tool (GAMBIT), providing seamless integration into a comprehensive statistical fitting framework that allows users to explore new models with both particle and astrophysics constraints, and a consistent treatment of systematic uncertainties. In this paper we describe its main functionality, provide a guide to getting started quickly, and show illustrative examples for results obtained with DarkBit (both as a stand-alone tool and as a GAMBIT module). This includes a quantitative comparison between two of the main dark matter codes (DarkSUSY and micrOMEGAs), and application of DarkBit ’s advanced direct and indirect detection routines to a simple effective dark matter model."
"Families of vector-like deformed relativistic quantum phase spaces and corresponding realizations are analyzed. A method for a general construction of the star product is presented. The corresponding twist, expressed in terms of phase space coordinates, in the Hopf algebroid sense is presented. General linear realizations are considered and corresponding twists, in terms of momenta and Poincaré–Weyl generators or generators are constructed and R-matrix is discussed. A classification of linear realizations leading to vector-like deformed phase spaces is given. There are three types of spaces: (i) commutative spaces, (ii) -Minkowski spaces and (iii) -Snyder spaces. The corresponding star products are (i) associative and commutative (but non-local), (ii) associative and non-commutative and (iii) non-associative and non-commutative, respectively. Twisted symmetry algebras are considered. Transposed twists and left–right dual algebras are presented. Finally, some physical applications are discussed."
"High-energy jets recoiling against missing transverse energy (MET) are powerful probes of dark matter at the LHC. Searches based on large MET signatures require a precise control of the  jet background in the signal region. This can be achieved by taking accurate data in control regions dominated by  jet,  jet and  jet production, and extrapolating to the  jet background by means of precise theoretical predictions. In this context, recent advances in perturbative calculations open the door to significant sensitivity improvements in dark matter searches. In this spirit, we present a combination of state-of-the-art calculations for all relevant  jets processes, including throughout NNLO QCD corrections and NLO electroweak corrections supplemented by Sudakov logarithms at two loops. Predictions at parton level are provided together with detailed recommendations for their usage in experimental analyses based on the reweighting of Monte Carlo samples. Particular attention is devoted to the estimate of theoretical uncertainties in the framework of dark matter searches, where subtle aspects such as correlations across different  jet processes play a key role. The anticipated theoretical uncertainty in the  jet background is at the few percent level up to the TeV range."
"We propose a unique program of measurements of electric and magnetic dipole moments of charm, beauty and strange charged baryons at the LHC, based on the phenomenon of spin precession of channeled particles in bent crystals. Studies of crystal channeling and spin precession of positively- and negatively-charged particles are presented, along with feasibility studies and expected sensitivities for the proposed experiment using a layout based on the LHCb detector."
"We reevaluate the hadronic vacuum polarisation contributions to the muon magnetic anomaly and to the running of the electromagnetic coupling constant at the &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt;-boson mass. We include newest cross-section data (among others) from the BABAR and VEPP-2000 experiments. For the muon we find for the lowest-order hadronic contribution , improving the precision of our previous evaluation by 21%. The full Standard Model prediction differs by from the experimental value. The five-quark hadronic contribution to is evaluated to be ."
"Photons, as quanta of electromagnetic fields, determine the electromagnetic properties of an extremely hot and dense medium. Considering the properties of the photons in the interacting medium of charged particles, we explicitly calculate the electromagnetic properties such as the electric permittivity, magnetic permeability, refractive index and the propagation speed of electromagnetic signals in an extremely hot and dense background. Photons acquire a dynamically generated mass in such a medium. The screening mass of the photon, the Debye shielding length and the plasma frequency are calculated as functions of the statistical parameters of the medium. We study the properties of the propagating particles in astrophysical systems of distinct statistical conditions. The modifications in the properties of the medium lead to the equation of state of the system. We mainly calculate all these parameters for extremely high temperatures of the early universe."
"We show that McVittie geometry, which describes a black hole embedded in a FLRW universe, not only solves the Einstein equations but also remains as a non-deformable solution of &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity. This search for GR solutions that survive in &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity is facilitated by a null tetrad approach. We also show that flat FLRW geometry is a consistent solution of &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) dynamical equations not only for but also for , which could be a manifestation of the additional degrees of freedom involved in &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) theories."
"We present the most comprehensive global fits to date of three supersymmetric models motivated by grand unification: the constrained minimal supersymmetric standard model (CMSSM), and its Non-Universal Higgs Mass generalisations NUHM1 and NUHM2. We include likelihoods from a number of direct and indirect dark matter searches, a large collection of electroweak precision and flavour observables, direct searches for supersymmetry at LEP and Runs I and II of the LHC, and constraints from Higgs observables. Our analysis improves on existing results not only in terms of the number of included observables, but also in the level of detail with which we treat them, our sampling techniques for scanning the parameter space, and our treatment of nuisance parameters. We show that stau co-annihilation is now ruled out in the CMSSM at more than 95% confidence. Stop co-annihilation turns out to be one of the most promising mechanisms for achieving an appropriate relic density of dark matter in all three models, whilst avoiding all other constraints. We find high-likelihood regions of parameter space featuring light stops and charginos, making them potentially detectable in the near future at the LHC. We also show that tonne-scale direct detection will play a largely complementary role, probing large parts of the remaining viable parameter space, including essentially all models with multi-TeV neutralinos."
"Motivated by the standard form of the string-theory amplitude, we calculate the field-theory amplitude to complete the higher-derivative terms in type II supergravity theories in their conventional form. We derive explicitly the interactions for the RR (Ramond–Ramond) fields with graviton, B-field and dilaton in the low-energy effective action of type II superstrings. We check our results by comparison with previous work that has been done by the other methods, and we find exact agreement."
"Recently reported [Eur. Phys. J. C., &lt;b&gt;77&lt;b/&gt;, 549 (2017). https://doi.org/10.1140/epjc/s10052-017-5116-y] gravitoelectromagnetic equations of Ummarino and Gallerati (UG) in their linearized version of general relativity (GR) are shown to match with (a) our previously reported special relativistic Maxwellian Gravity equations in the non-relativistic limit and with (b) the non-relativistic equations derived here, when the speed of gravity (an undetermined parameter of the theory here) is set equal to &lt;i&gt;c&lt;i/&gt; (the speed of light in vacuum). Seen in the light of our new results, the UG equations satisfy the Correspondence Principle (cp), while many other versions of linearized GR equations that are being (or may be) used to interpret the experimental data defy the cp. Such new findings assume significance and relevance in the contexts of recent detection of gravitational waves and the gravitomagnetic field of the spinning earth and their interpretations. Being well-founded and self-consistent, the equations may be of interest and useful to researchers exploring the phenomenology of gravitomagnetism, gravitational waves and the novel interplay of gravity with different states of matter in flat space-time like UG’s interesting work on superconductors in weak gravitational fields."
"In this work we present the results of our investigation of the thermodynamics of SU(2) gauge theory. We employ a Symanzik improved action to reduce strongly the discretisations effects, and we use the scaling relations to take into account the finite volume effects close to the critical temperature. We determine the -function for this particular theory and we use it in the determination of different thermodynamic observables. Finally we compare our results with previous work where only the standard Wilson action was considered. We confirm the relevance of using the improved action to access easily the correct continuum thermodynamics of the theory."
"We show that for a system of two entangled particles, there is a dual description to the particle equations in terms of classical theory of conformally stretched spacetime. We also connect these entangled particle equations with Finsler geometry. We show that this duality translates strongly coupled quantum equations in the pilot-wave limit to weakly coupled geometric equations."
"In two previous papers we presented the LARES 2 space experiment aimed at a very accurate test of frame-dragging and at other tests of fundamental physics and measurements of space geodesy and geodynamics. We presented the error sources of the LARES 2 experiment, its error budget and Monte Carlo simulations and covariance analyses confirming an accuracy of a few parts in one thousand in the test of frame-dragging. Here we discuss the impact of the orbital perturbation known as the de Sitter effect, or geodetic precession, in the error budget of the LARES 2 frame-dragging experiment. We show that the uncertainty in the de Sitter effect has a negligible impact in the final error budget because of the very accurate results now available for the test of the de Sitter precession and because of its very nature. The total error budget in the LARES 2 test of frame-dragging remains at a level of the order of , as determined in the first two papers of this series."
"We present an exact analytical bouncing solution for a closed universe filled with only one exotic fluid with negative pressure, obeying a generalized equation of state (GEoS) of the form , where &lt;i&gt;A&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt; and are constants. In our solution , , and is kept as a free parameter. For particular values of the initial conditions, we find that our solution obeys the null energy condition (NEC), which allows us to reinterpret the matter source as that of a real scalar field, , with a positive kinetic energy and a potential . We numerically compute the scalar field as a function of time as well as its potential , and we find an analytical function for the potential that fits very accurately with the numerical data obtained. The shape of this potential can be well described by a Gaussian-type of function, and hence there is no spontaneous symmetry minimum of . We show numerically that the bouncing scenario is structurally stable in a small vicinity of the value . We also include the study of the evolution of the linear fluctuations due to linear perturbations in the metric. These perturbations show an oscillatory behavior near the bouncing and approach a constant at large scales."
"In this paper, we use Born–Infeld black holes to test two recent holographic conjectures of complexity, the “Complexity = Action” (CA) duality and “Complexity = Volume 2.0” (CV) duality. The complexity of a boundary state is identified with the action of the Wheeler–deWitt patch in CA duality, while this complexity is identified with the spacetime volume of the WdW patch in CV duality. In particular, we check whether the Born–Infeld black holes violate the generalized Lloyd bound: , where gs stands for the ground state for a given electrostatic potential. We find that the ground states are either some extremal black hole or regular spacetime with nonvanishing charges. For Born–Infeld black holes, we compute the action growth rate at the late-time limit and obtain the complexities in CA and CV dualities. Near extremality, the generalized Lloyd bound is violated in both dualities. Near the charged regular spacetime, this bound is satisfied in CV duality but violated in CA duality. When moving away from the ground state on a constant potential curve, the generalized Lloyd bound tends to be saturated from below in CA duality."
"We investigate the process via rescattering. The kinematic conditions for triangle singularities are perfectly satisfied in the rescattering diagrams. A resonance-like structure around the threshold, which we denote &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(5777), is predicted to be present in the invariant mass distribution of . Because the relative weak interaction does not support the existence of a dynamically generated hadronic molecule, &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(5777) can be identified as a pure kinematical effect due to the triangle singularity. Its observation may help to establish a non-resonance interpretation for some &lt;i&gt;XYZ&lt;i/&gt; particles."
"General relativity characterizes gravity as a geometric property exhibited on spacetime by massive objects, while teleparallel gravity achieves the same results at the level of equations, by taking a torsional perspective of gravity. Similar to the &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) theory teleparallel gravity can also be generalized to &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;), with the resulting field equations being inherently distinct from &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity in that they are second order, while in the former case they turn out to be fourth order. In the present case, a minimally coupled scalar field is investigated in the &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity context for several forms of the scalar field potential. A number of new &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) solutions are found for these potentials. Their respective state parameters are also being examined."
"The impact of the three-loop effects of order on the mass of the light CP-even Higgs boson in the is studied in a pure context. For this purpose, we implement the results of Kant et al. (JHEP 08:104, 2010) into the C++ module Himalaya and link it to FlexibleSUSY, a Mathematica and C++ package to create spectrum generators for BSM models. The three-loop result is compared to the fixed-order two-loop calculations of the original FlexibleSUSY and of FeynHiggs, as well as to the result based on an EFT approach. Aside from the expected reduction of the renormalization scale dependence with respect to the lower-order results, we find that the three-loop contributions significantly reduce the difference from the EFT prediction in the TeV-region of the scale . Himalaya can be linked also to other two-loop codes, thus allowing for the elevation of these codes to the three-loop level."
"From the perspective of four dimensional effective theory on a two brane warped geometry model, we examine the possibility of “bouncing phenomena”on our visible brane. Our results reveal that the presence of a warped extra dimension lead to a non-singular bounce on the brane scale factor and hence can remove the “big-bang singularity”. We also examine the possible parametric regions for which this bouncing is possible."
"A search is presented for long-lived particles with a mass between 25 and 50 and a lifetime between 2 and 500 ps, using proton–proton collision data corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 2.0, collected by the LHCb detector at centre-of-mass energies of 7 and 8 TeV. The particles are assumed to be pair-produced in the decay of a 125 Standard-Model-like Higgs boson. The experimental signature is a single long-lived particle, identified by a displaced vertex with two associated jets. No excess above background is observed and limits are set on the production cross-section as a function of the mass and lifetime of the long-lived particle."
"The CHErenkov/Scintillation Separation experiment (CHESS) has been used to demonstrate the separation of Cherenkov and scintillation light in both linear alkylbenzene (LAB) and LAB with 2 g/L of PPO as a fluor (LAB/PPO). This is the first successful demonstration of Cherenkov light detection from the more challenging LAB/PPO cocktail and improves on previous results for LAB. A time resolution of  ps FWHM results in an efficiency for identifying Cherenkov photons in LAB/PPO of and for time- and charge-based separation, respectively, with scintillation contamination of and %. LAB/PPO data is consistent with a rise time of  ns."
"Based on the relativistic mean-field effective interaction principle and random phase approximation theory in superstrong magnetic fields (SMFs), we present an analysis of the influence of SMFs on the electron Fermi energy, nuclear blinding energy, single-particle level structure and electron capture for Co, and Ni by the shell-model Monte Carlo method in the magnetar’s crust. The electron capture rates increase by two orders of magnitude due to an increase in the electron Fermi energy and a change in single-particle level structure by SMFs. Then the rates decrease by more than two orders of magnitude due to an increase in the nuclear binding energy and a reduction in the electron Fermi energy by SMFs."
"This paper contains a discussion of a relativistic spin-0 system in the presence of a Gödel-type background space-time. The Duffin–Kemmer–Petiau (DKP) equation in the presence of a Gödel-type background space-time is studied in detail. After a derivation of the final form of this equation in the considered framework, free spin-0 particles have been studied."
"The development and operation of liquid-argon time-projection chambers for neutrino physics has created a need for new approaches to pattern recognition in order to fully exploit the imaging capabilities offered by this technology. Whereas the human brain can excel at identifying features in the recorded events, it is a significant challenge to develop an automated, algorithmic solution. The Pandora Software Development Kit provides functionality to aid the design and implementation of pattern-recognition algorithms. It promotes the use of a multi-algorithm approach to pattern recognition, in which individual algorithms each address a specific task in a particular topology. Many tens of algorithms then carefully build up a picture of the event and, together, provide a robust automated pattern-recognition solution. This paper describes details of the chain of over one hundred Pandora algorithms and tools used to reconstruct cosmic-ray muon and neutrino events in the MicroBooNE detector. Metrics that assess the current pattern-recognition performance are presented for simulated MicroBooNE events, using a selection of final-state event topologies."
"In Einstein gravity, gravitational potential goes as in &lt;i&gt;d&lt;i/&gt; non-compactified spacetime dimensions, which assumes the familiar 1 / &lt;i&gt;r&lt;i/&gt; form in four dimensions. On the other hand, it goes as , with , in pure Lovelock gravity involving only one &lt;i&gt;m&lt;i/&gt;th order term of the Lovelock polynomial in the gravitational action. The latter offers a novel possibility of having 1 / &lt;i&gt;r&lt;i/&gt; potential for the non-compactified dimension spectrum given by . Thus it turns out that in the two prototype gravitational settings of isolated objects, like black holes and the universe as a whole – cosmological models, the Einstein gravity in four and &lt;i&gt;m&lt;i/&gt;th order pure Lovelock gravity in dimensions behave in a similar fashion as far as gravitational interactions are considered. However propagation of gravitational waves (or the number of degrees of freedom) does indeed serve as a discriminator because it has two polarizations only in four dimensions."
"The combined HERA data for the inclusive deep inelastic scattering (DIS) cross sections for the momentum transfer are fitted within the Dokshitzer–Gribov–Lipatov–Altarelli–Parisi (DGLAP) framework at next-to-leading order (NLO) and next-to-next-to-leading order (NNLO) accuracy, complemented by a QCD-inspired parameterisation of twist 4 corrections. A modified form of the input parton density functions is also included, motivated by parton saturation mechanism at small Bjorken &lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt; and at a low scale. These modifications lead to a significant improvement of the data description in the region of low . For the whole data sample, the new benchmark NNLO DGLAP fit yields to be compared to 1.46 resulting from the standard NNLO DGLAP fit. We discuss the results in the context of the parton saturation picture and describe the impact of the higher-twist corrections on the derived parton density functions. The resulting description of the longitudinal proton structure function is consistent with the HERA data. Our estimates of higher-twist contributions to the proton structure functions are comparable to the leading-twist contributions at low  GeV and . The &lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt;-dependence of the twist 4 corrections obtained from the best fit is consistent with the leading twist 4 quasi-partonic operators, corresponding to an exchange of four interacting gluons in the &lt;i&gt;t&lt;i/&gt;-channel."
"In this paper, we discuss the thermodynamical analysis for gravitationally induced particle creation scenario in the framework of DGP braneworld model. For this purpose, we consider apparent horizon as the boundary of the universe. We take three types of entropy such as Bakenstein entropy, logarithmic corrected entropy and power law corrected entropy with ordinary creation rate . We analyze the first law and generalized second law of thermodynamics analytically for these entropies which hold under some constraints. The behavior of total entropy in each case is also discussed which implies the validity of generalized second law of thermodynamics. Also, we check the thermodynamical equilibrium condition for two phases of creation rate, that is constant and variable and found its vitality in all cases of entropy."
"We identify a class of Randall–Sundrum type models with a successful first order cosmological phase transition during which a 5D dual of approximate conformal symmetry is spontaneously broken. Our focus is on soft-wall models that naturally realize a light radion/dilaton and suppressed dynamical contribution to the cosmological constant. We discuss phenomenology of the phase transition after developing a theoretical and numerical analysis of these models both at zero and finite temperature. We demonstrate a model with a TeV-Planck hierarchy and with a successful cosmological phase transition where the UV value of the curvature corresponds, via AdS/CFT, to an &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt; of 20, where 5D gravity is expected to be firmly in the perturbative regime."
"In this paper, we analyze cosmological consequences of the reconstructed generalized ghost pilgrim dark energy models in terms of redshift parameter &lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;. For this purpose, we consider power-law scale factor, scale factor for two unified phases and intermediate scale factor. We discuss graphical behavior of the reconstructed models and examine their stability analysis. Also, we explore the behavior of equation of state as well as deceleration parameters and as well as planes. It is found that all models are stable for pilgrim dark energy parameter 2. The equation of state parameter satisfies the necessary condition for pilgrim dark energy phenomenon for all scale factors. All other cosmological parameters show great consistency with the current behavior of the universe."
"The transition form factor (TFF) is determined mainly by the &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt;-meson leading-twist distribution amplitude (DA) , , if the proper chiral current correlation function is adopted within the light-cone QCD sum rules. It is therefore significant to make a comprehensive study of DA and its impact on . In this paper, we calculate the moments of with the QCD sum rules under the framework of the background field theory. New sum rules for the leading-twist DA moments up to fourth order and up to dimension-six condensates are presented. At the scale , the values of the first four moments are: , , and . Basing on the values of , a better model of is constructed. Applying this model for the TFF under the light cone sum rules, we obtain and . The uncertainty of from is estimated and we find its impact should be taken into account, especially in low and central energy region. The branching ratio is calculated, which is consistent with experimental data."
"In the context of the AdS/CFT correspondence, we study bulk reconstruction of the Poincaré wedge of AdS via hole-ography, i.e., in terms of differential entropy of the dual CFT. Previous work had considered the reconstruction of closed or open spacelike curves in global AdS, and of infinitely extended spacelike curves in Poincaré AdS that are subject to a periodicity condition at infinity. Working first at constant time, we find that a closed curve in Poincaré is described in the CFT by a family of intervals that covers the spatial axis at least twice. We also show how to reconstruct open curves, points and distances, and obtain a CFT action whose extremization leads to bulk points. We then generalize all of these results to the case of curves that vary in time, and discover that generic curves have segments that &lt;i&gt;cannot&lt;i/&gt; be reconstructed using the standard hole-ographic construction. This happens because, for the nonreconstructible segments, the tangent geodesics fail to be fully contained within the Poincaré wedge. We show that a previously discovered variant of the hole-ographic method allows us to overcome this challenge, by reorienting the geodesics touching the bulk curve to ensure that they all remain within the wedge. Our conclusion is that all spacelike curves in Poincaré AdS can be completely reconstructed with CFT data, and each curve has in fact an infinite number of representations within the CFT."
"In 2002, two neutrino mixing ansatze having trimaximally mixed middle () columns, namely tri-chi-maximal mixing () and tri-phi-maximal mixing (), were proposed. In 2012, it was shown that with as well as with leads to the solution, , consistent with the latest measurements of the reactor mixing angle, . To obtain and , the type I see-saw framework with fully constrained Majorana neutrino mass matrices was utilised. These mass matrices also resulted in the neutrino mass ratios, . In this paper we construct a flavour model based on the discrete group and obtain the aforementioned results. A Majorana neutrino mass matrix (a symmetric matrix with six complex degrees of freedom) is conveniently mapped into a flavon field transforming as the complex six-dimensional representation of . Specific vacuum alignments of the flavons are used to arrive at the desired mass matrices."
"In this paper we will study for the first time how the wave-packet of a self-gravitating meso-scopic system spreads in theories beyond Einstein’s general relativity. In particular, we will consider a ghost-free infinite derivative gravity, which resolves the 1 / &lt;i&gt;r&lt;i/&gt; singularity in the potential – such that the gradient of the potential vanishes within the scale of non-locality. We will show that a quantum wave-packet spreads faster for a ghost-free and singularity-free gravity as compared to the Newtonian case, therefore providing us a unique scenario for testing classical and quantum properties of short-distance gravity in a laboratory in the near future."
"Geometrization of a Lagrangian conservative system typically amounts to reformulating its equations of motion as the geodesic equations in a properly chosen curved spacetime. The conventional methods include the Jacobi metric and the Eisenhart lift. In this work, a modification of the Eisenhart lift is proposed which describes the isotropic oscillator in arbitrary dimension driven by the one-dimensional conformal mode."
"Ambient magnetic fields are thought to play a critical role in black hole jet formation. Furthermore, dual electromagnetic signals could be produced during the inspiral and merger of binary black hole systems. In this paper, we derive the exact solution for the electromagnetic field occurring when a static, axisymmetric binary black hole system is placed in the field of two magnetic or electric monopoles. As a by-product of this derivation, we also find the exact solution of the binary black hole configuration in a magnetic or electric dipole field. The presence of conical singularities in the static black hole binaries represent the gravitational attraction between the black holes that also drag the external two monopole field. We show that these off-balance configurations generate no energy outflows."
"Building on the open-loop algorithm we introduce a new method for the automated construction of one-loop amplitudes and their reduction to scalar integrals. The key idea is that the factorisation of one-loop integrands in a product of loop segments makes it possible to perform various operations on-the-fly while constructing the integrand. Reducing the integrand on-the-fly, after each segment multiplication, the construction of loop diagrams and their reduction are unified in a single numerical recursion. In this way we entirely avoid objects with high tensor rank, thereby reducing the complexity of the calculations in a drastic way. Thanks to the on-the-fly approach, which is applied also to helicity summation and for the merging of different diagrams, the speed of the original open-loop algorithm can be further augmented in a very significant way. Moreover, addressing spurious singularities of the employed reduction identities by means of simple expansions in rank-two Gram determinants, we achieve a remarkably high level of numerical stability. These features of the new algorithm, which will be made publicly available in a forthcoming release of the OpenLoops program, are particularly attractive for NLO multi-leg and NNLO real–virtual calculations."
"We perform a detailed analysis of the properties of stationary observers located on the equatorial plane of the ergosphere in a Kerr spacetime, including light-surfaces. This study highlights crucial differences between black hole and the super-spinner sources. In the case of Kerr naked singularities, the results allow us to distinguish between “weak” and “strong ” singularities, corresponding to spin values close to or distant from the limiting case of extreme black holes, respectively. We derive important limiting angular frequencies for naked singularities. We especially study very weak singularities as resulting from the spin variation of black holes. We also explore the main properties of zero angular momentum observers for different classes of black hole and naked singularity spacetimes."
"It is well known that certain special classes of self-gravitating point-like defects, such as global (non gauged) monopoles, give rise to non-asymptotically flat space–times characterized by solid angle deficits, whose size depends on the details of the underlying microscopic models. The scattering of electrically neutral particles on such space–times is described by amplitudes that exhibit resonant behaviour when thescattering and deficit angles coincide. This, in turn, leads to ring-like structures where the cross sections are formally divergent (“singular lensing”). In this work, we revisit this particular phenomenon, with the twofold purpose of placing it in a contemporary and more general context, in view of renewed interest in the theory and general phenomenology of such defects, and, more importantly, of addressing certain subtleties that appear in the particular computation that leads to the aforementioned effect. In particular, by adopting a specific regularization procedure for the formally infinite Legendre series encountered, we manage to ensure the recovery of the Minkowski space–time, and thus the disappearance of the lensing phenomenon, in the no-defect limit, and the validity of the optical theorem for the elastic total cross section. In addition, the singular nature of the phenomenon is confirmed by means of an alternative calculation, which, unlike the original approach, makes no use of the generating function of the Legendre polynomials, but rather exploits the asymptotic properties of the Fresnel integrals."
"We apply the phenomenological Reggeon field theory framework to investigate rapidity gap survival (RGS) probability for diffractive dijet production in proton–proton collisions. In particular, we study in some detail rapidity gap suppression due to elastic rescatterings of intermediate partons in the underlying parton cascades, described by enhanced (Pomeron–Pomeron interaction) diagrams. We demonstrate that such contributions play a subdominant role, compared to the usual, so-called “eikonal”, rapidity gap suppression due to elastic rescatterings of constituent partons of the colliding protons. On the other hand, the overall RGS factor proves to be sensitive to color fluctuations in the proton. Hence, experimental data on diffractive dijet production can be used to constrain the respective model approaches."
"The thermodynamics and covariant kinetic theory are elaborately investigated in a non-extensive environment considering the non-extensive generalization of Bose–Einstein (BE) and Fermi–Dirac (FD) statistics. Starting with Tsallis’ entropy formula, the fundamental principles of thermostatistics are established for a grand canonical system having &lt;i&gt;q&lt;i/&gt;-generalized BE/FD degrees of freedom. Many particle kinetic theory is set up in terms of the relativistic transport equation with &lt;i&gt;q&lt;i/&gt;-generalized Uehling–Uhlenbeck collision term. The conservation laws are realized in terms of appropriate moments of the transport equation. The thermodynamic quantities are obtained in a weak non-extensive environment for a massive pion–nucleon and a massless quark–gluon system with non-zero baryon chemical potential. In order to get an estimate of the impact of non-extensivity on the system dynamics, the &lt;i&gt;q&lt;i/&gt;-modified Debye mass and hence the &lt;i&gt;q&lt;i/&gt;-modified effective coupling are estimated for a quark–gluon system."
"In this paper, we study Einstein gravity either minimally or non-minimally coupled to a vector field which breaks the gauge symmetry explicitly in general dimensions. We first consider a minimal theory which is simply the Einstein-Proca theory extended with a quartic self-interaction term for the vector field. We obtain its general static maximally symmetric black hole solution and study the thermodynamics using Wald formalism. The aspects of the solution are much like a Reissner-Nordstrøm black hole in spite of that a global charge cannot be defined for the vector. For non-minimal theories, we obtain a lot of exact black hole solutions, depending on the parameters of the theories. In particular, many of the solutions are general static and have maximal symmetry. However, there are some subtleties and ambiguities in the derivation of the first laws because the existence of an algebraic degree of freedom of the vector in general invalids the Wald entropy formula. The thermodynamics of these solutions deserves further studies."
"We present a detailed study of the oscillations and optical properties for vacuum, in a model for the dark sector that contains axion-like particles and hidden photons. We provide bounds for the couplings versus the mass, using current results from ALPS-I and PVLAS. We also discuss the challenges for the detection of models with more than one hidden particle in light shining trough wall-like experiments."
"The interaction between the dark/mirror sector and the ordinary sector is considered, where the two sectors interact with each other by sharing the same QCD axion field. This feature makes the mixing between ordinary and dark/mirror photons in ordinary and dark electromagnetic fields possible. Perturbative solutions of the equations of motion describing the evolution of fields in ordinary and dark external magnetic fields are found. User-friendly quantities such as transition probability rates and Stokes parameters are derived. Possible astrophysical and cosmological applications of this model are suggested."
"The OPERA experiment was designed to search for oscillations in appearance mode through the direct observation of tau neutrinos in the CNGS neutrino beam. In this paper, we report a study of the multiplicity of charged particles produced in charged-current neutrino interactions in lead. We present charged hadron average multiplicities, their dispersion and investigate the KNO scaling in different kinematical regions. The results are presented in detail in the form of tables that can be used in the validation of Monte Carlo generators of neutrino–lead interactions."
"In the paper, we analyze the decays into light hadrons at the next-to-leading order QCD corrections by applying the principle of maximum conformality (PMC). The relativistic correction at the -order level has been included in the discussion, which gives about contribution to the ratio &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;. The PMC, which satisfies the renormalization group invariance, is designed to obtain a scale-fixed and scheme-independent prediction at any fixed order. To avoid the confusion of treating -terms, we transform the usual pQCD series into the one under the minimal momentum space subtraction scheme. To compare with the prediction under conventional scale setting, , after applying the PMC, we obtain , where the errors are squared averages of the ones caused by and . The PMC prediction agrees with the recent PDG value within errors, i.e. . Thus we think the mismatching of the prediction under conventional scale-setting with the data is due to improper choice of scale, which however can be solved by using the PMC."
"We discuss the fine-tuning issue within the MSSM framework. Following the idea that the fine-tuning can measure effects of some missing mechanism, we impose non-universal gaugino masses at the GUT scale, and explore the low scale implications. We realize that the fine-tuning parametrized with can be as low as zero. We consider the stop mass with a special importance and focus on the mass scales as GeV, which are excluded by the current experiments when the stop decays into a neutralino along with a top quark or a chargino along with a bottom quark. We find that the stop mass can be as low as about 250 GeV with . We find that the solutions in this region can be exluded only up to when stop decays into a neutralino-top quark, and when it decays into a chargino-b quark. Setting CL to be potential exclusion and to be pure exclusion limit such solutions will be tested in near future experiments, which are conducted with higher luminosity. In addition to stop, the region with low fine-tuning and light stops predicts masses for the other supersymmetric particles such as GeV, TeV, GeV. The details for the mass scales and decay rates are also provided by tables of benchmark points."
"The vacuum, static, and spherically symmetric solutions in the mimetic Born-Infeld gravity are studied. The mimetic Born-Infeld gravity is a reformulation of the Eddington-inspired-Born-Infeld (EiBI) model under the mimetic approach. Due to the mimetic field, the theory contains non-trivial vacuum solutions different from those in Einstein gravity. We find that with the existence of the mimetic field, the spacelike singularity inside a Schwarzschild black hole could be altered to a lightlike singularity, even though the curvature invariants still diverge at the singularity. Furthermore, in this case, the maximal proper time for a timelike radially-infalling observer to reach the singularity is found to be infinite."
"In this paper, we investigate the thermodynamics in the frame-work of recently proposed theory called modified Brans–Dicke gravity (Kofinas et al. in Class Quantum Gravity 33:15, 2016). For this purpose, we develop the generalized second law of thermodynamics by assuming usual entropy as well as its corrected forms (logarithmic and power law corrected) on the apparent and event horizons. In order to analyzed the clear view of thermodynamic law, the power law forms of scalar field and scale factor is being assumed. We evaluate the results graphically and found that generalized second law of thermodynamics holds in most of the cases."
"Various methods are used in the literature for predicting the lightest CP-even Higgs boson mass in the Minimal Supersymmetric Standard Model (MSSM). Fixed-order diagrammatic calculations capture all effects at a given order and yield accurate results for scales of supersymmetric (SUSY) particles that are not separated too much from the weak scale. Effective field theory calculations allow a resummation of large logarithmic contributions up to all orders and therefore yield accurate results for a high SUSY scale. A hybrid approach, where both methods have been combined, is implemented in the computer code FeynHiggs. So far, however, at large scales sizeable differences have been observed between FeynHiggs and other pure EFT codes. In this work, the various approaches are analytically compared with each other in a simple scenario in which all SUSY mass scales are chosen to be equal to each other. Three main sources are identified that account for the major part of the observed differences. Firstly, it is shown that the scheme conversion of the input parameters that is commonly used for the comparison of fixed-order results is not adequate for the comparison of results containing a series of higher-order logarithms. Secondly, the treatment of higher-order terms arising from the determination of the Higgs propagator pole is addressed. Thirdly, the effect of different parametrizations in particular of the top Yukawa coupling in the non-logarithmic terms is investigated. Taking into account all of these effects, in the considered simple scenario very good agreement is found for scales above 1 TeV between the results obtained using the EFT approach and the hybrid approach of FeynHiggs."
"The newly-discovered decays into the , but the experimental data has indicated that this decay is not saturated by any two-body intermediate state. In this work, we analyze the multi-body weak decays of doubly heavy baryons , , , , and , in particular the three-body nonleptonic decays and four-body semileptonic decays. We classify various decay modes according to the quark-level transitions and present an estimate of the typical branching fractions for a few golden decay channels. Decay amplitudes are then parametrized in terms of a few SU(3) irreducible amplitudes. With these amplitudes, we find a number of relations for decay widths, which can be examined in future."
"We study constant-roll inflation in the presence of a gauge field coupled to an inflaton. By imposing the constant anisotropy condition, we find new exact anisotropic constant-roll inflationary solutions which include anisotropic power-law inflation as a special case. We also numerically show that the new anisotropic solutions are attractors in the phase space."
"We present a broad class of spherical thin shells of matter in &lt;i&gt;F&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity. We show that the corresponding junction conditions determine the equation of state between the energy density and the pressure/tension at the surface. We analyze the stability of the static configurations under perturbations preserving the symmetry. We apply the formalism to the construction of charged bubbles and we find that there exist stable static configurations for a suitable set of the parameters of the model."
"We present results on interferometry correlations for pions emitted in central p+Pb collisions at in a -dimensional viscous hydrodynamic model with initial conditions from the Glauber Monte Carlo model. The correlation function is calculated as a function of the pion pair rapidity. The extracted interferometry radii show a weak rapidity dependence, reflecting the lack of boost invariance of the pion distribution. A cross term between the out and long directions is found to be nonzero. The results obtained in the hydrodynamic model are in fair agreement with recent data of the ATLAS Collaboration."
"In this work, we study the quantum entanglement and compute entanglement entropy in de Sitter space for a bipartite quantum field theory driven by an axion originating from &lt;b&gt;Type IIB&lt;b/&gt; string compactification on a Calabi–Yau three fold () and in the presence of an brane. For this computation, we consider a spherical surface , which divides the spatial slice of de Sitter () into exterior and interior sub-regions. We also consider the initial choice of vacuum to be Bunch–Davies state. First we derive the solution of the wave function of the axion in a hyperbolic open chart by constructing a suitable basis for Bunch–Davies vacuum state using Bogoliubov transformation. We then derive the expression for density matrix by tracing over the exterior region. This allows us to compute the entanglement entropy and Rényi entropy in dimension. Furthermore, we quantify the UV-finite contribution of the entanglement entropy which contain the physics of long range quantum correlations of our expanding universe. Finally, our analysis complements the necessary condition for generating non-vanishing entanglement entropy in primordial cosmology due to the axion."
"The emergent mechanism provides a possible way to resolve the big-bang singularity problem by assuming that our universe originates from the Einstein static (ES) state. Thus, the existence of a stable ES solution becomes a very crucial prerequisite for the emergent scenario. In this paper, we study the stability of an ES universe in gravity theory with a non-minimal coupling between the kinetic term of a scalar field and the Einstein tensor. We find that the ES solution is stable under both scalar and tensor perturbations when the model parameters satisfy certain conditions, which indicates that the big-bang singularity can be avoided successfully by the emergent mechanism in the non-minimally kinetic coupled gravity."
"It is well known that for spatially flat FRW cosmologies, the holographic dark energy disfavors the Hubble parameter as a candidate for the IR cutoff. For overcoming this problem, we explore the use of this cutoff in holographic ellipsoidal cosmological models, and derive the general ellipsoidal metric induced by a such holographic energy density. Despite the drawbacks that this cutoff presents in homogeneous and isotropic universes, based on this general metric, we developed a suitable ellipsoidal holographic cosmological model, filled with a dark matter and a dark energy components. At late time stages, the cosmic evolution is dominated by a holographic anisotropic dark energy with barotropic equations of state. The cosmologies expand in all directions in accelerated manner. Since the ellipsoidal cosmologies given here are not asymptotically FRW, the deviation from homogeneity and isotropy of the universe on large cosmological scales remains constant during all cosmic evolution. This feature allows the studied holographic ellipsoidal cosmologies to be ruled by an equation of state , whose range belongs to quintessence or even phantom matter."
"With motivation by holography, employing black hole entropy, two-point connection function and entanglement entropy, we show that, for the higher-dimensional Anti-de Sitter charged hairy black hole in the fixed charged ensemble, a Van der Waals-like phase transition can be observed. Furthermore, based on the Maxwell equal-area construction, we check numerically the equal-area law for a first order phase transition in order to further characterize the Van der Waals-like phase transition."
"In this paper we employ the Karmarkar condition (Proc Indian Acad Sci A 27:56, 1948) to model a spherically symmetric radiating star undergoing dissipative gravitational collapse in the form of a radial heat flux. A particular solution of the boundary condition renders the Karmarkar condition independent of time which allows us to fully specify the spatial behaviour of the gravitational potentials. The interior solution is smoothly matched to Vaidya’s outgoing solution across a time-like hypersurface which yields the temporal behaviour of the model. Physical analysis of the matter and thermodynamical variables show that the model is well-behaved."
"We study third order Lovelock Gravity in at the critical point which three (A)dS vacua degenerate into one. We see there is not propagating graviton at the critical point. And also we compute the butterfly velocity for this theory at the critical point by considering the shock wave solutions near horizon, this is important to note that although there is no propagating graviton at the critical point, due to boundary gravitons the butterfly velocity is non-zero. Finally we observe that the butterfly velocity for third order Lovelock Gravity at the critical point in is less than the butterfly velocity for Einstein–Gauss–Bonnet Gravity at the critical point in which is less than the butterfly velocity in D = 7 for Einstein Gravity, . Maybe we can conclude that by adding higher order curvature corrections to Einstein Gravity the butterfly velocity decreases."
"We propose, as a novelty in the literature, the modeling of wormholes within a particular case of &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity, namely , with &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt; being the Ricci scalar and trace of the energy-momentum tensor, respectively, while and are constants. Although such a functional form application can be found in the literature, those concern compact astrophysical objects, such that no wormhole analysis has been done so far. The quadratic geometric and linear material corrections of this theory render the matter content of the wormhole remarkably able to obey the energy conditions."
"In this paper, thick branes generated by mimetic scalar field are investigated. Three typical thick brane models are constructed and the linear tensor and scalar perturbations are analyzed. These branes have different inner structures, some of which are absent in general relativity. For each brane model, the solution is stable under both tensor and scalar perturbations. The tensor zero modes are localized on the branes, while the scalar perturbations do not propagate and they are not localized on the brane. As the branes split into multi sub-branes for specific parameters, the potentials of the tensor perturbations also split into multi-wells, and this may lead to new phenomenon in the resonance of the tensor perturbation and the localization of matter fields."
"Based on the studies of confinement of quarks, we introduce a linear scalar potential into the relativistic quantum dynamics of a scalar particle. Then we analyze the linear confinement of a relativistic scalar particle in a Gödel-type spacetime in the presence of a topological defect. We consider a Gödel-type spacetime associated with null curvature, i.e., the Som–Raychaudhuri spacetime, which is characterized by the presence of vorticity in the spacetime. Then we search for analytical solutions to the Klein–Gordon equation and analyze the influence of the topology of the cosmic string and the vorticity on the relativistic energy levels."
"Bopp–Podolsky electrodynamics is generalized to curved space-times. The equations of motion are written for the case of static spherically symmetric black holes and their exterior solutions are analyzed using Bekenstein’s method. It is shown that the solutions split up into two parts, namely a non-homogeneous (asymptotically massless) regime and a homogeneous (asymptotically massive) sector which is null outside the event horizon. In addition, in the simplest approach to Bopp–Podolsky black holes, the non-homogeneous solutions are found to be Maxwell’s solutions leading to a Reissner–Nordström black hole. It is also demonstrated that the only exterior solution consistent with the weak and null energy conditions is the Maxwell one. Thus, in the light of the energy conditions, it is concluded that only Maxwell modes propagate outside the horizon and, therefore, the no-hair theorem is satisfied in the case of Bopp–Podolsky fields in spherically symmetric space-times."
"The signatures of heavy fermionic isotriplets () are probed through their direct production and subsequent decay at high energy electron–positron colliders. Unlike the case of LHC, the production process has strong dependence on the mixing of with electron (), making the leptonic collider unique to fingerprint the presence of such mixing. We establish that pair production considered at  TeV can be employed to study both the cases of and of with  fb luminosity, while the single production can probe the latter case with a few inverse femto barn luminosity at TeV. Exploring the mass reach, both the single and pair productions are capable of probing of mass close to the kinematic limits through selected channels. Investigating simultaneous limits on the parameter space, we identify suitable final states and their reach on and at 300 (100) fb luminosity in the case of pair (single) production."
"In this paper we consider the flat FRW cosmology with a scalar field coupled with the metric along with generalized Chaplygin gas and perfect fluid comprising the matter sector. We use the Schutz’s formalism to deal with the generalized Chaplygin gas sector. The full theory is then quantized canonically using the Wheeler–DeWitt Hamiltonian formalism. We then solve the WD equation with appropriate boundary conditions. Then by defining a proper completeness relation for the self-adjointness of the WD equation we arrive at the wave packet for the universe. It is observed that the peak in the probability density gets affected due to both fluids in the matter sector, namely, the Chaplygin gas and perfect fluid."
"In the present work we study a concrete model of scalar–tensor theory of gravity characterized by two free parameters, and we compare its predictions to observational data and constraints coming from supernovae, solar system tests and the stability of cosmic structures. First an exact analytical solution at the background level is obtained. Using that solution the expression for the turnaround radius is computed. Finally we show graphically how current data and limits put bounds on the parameters of the model at hand."
"We consider two point-like charges in electrostatic interaction within the framework of a nonlinear model, associated with QED, that provides finiteness of their field energy. We find the common field of the two charges in a dipole-like approximation, where the separation between them &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt; is much smaller than the observation distance &lt;i&gt;r&lt;i/&gt; :  with the linear accuracy with respect to the ratio &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt; / &lt;i&gt;r&lt;i/&gt;, and in the opposite approximation, where up to the term quadratic in the ratio &lt;i&gt;r&lt;i/&gt; / &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;. The consideration proposes the law for the energy, when the charges are close to one another, . This leads to the singularity of the force between them to be , which is weaker than the Coulomb law, ."
"Based on Padmanabhan’s proposal, the accelerated expansion of the universe can be driven by the difference between the surface and bulk degrees of freedom in a region of space, described by the relation where and are the degrees of freedom assigned to the surface area and the matter–energy content inside the bulk such that the indices “em” and “de” represent energy-momentum and dark energy, respectively. In the present work, the dynamical effect of the Weyssenhoff perfect fluid with intrinsic spin and its corresponding spin degrees of freedom in the framework of Einstein–Cartan (EC) theory are investigated. Based on the modification of Friedmann equations due to the spin–spin interactions, a correction term for Padmanabhan’s original relation including the number of degrees of freedom related with these spin interactions is obtained through the modification in term as leading to in which is the corresponding degrees of freedom related with the intrinsic spin of the matter content of the universe. Moreover, the validity of the unified first law and the generalized second law of thermodynamics for the Einstein–Cartan cosmos are investigated. Finally, by considering the covariant entropy conjecture and the bound resulting from the emergent scenario, a total entropy bound is obtained. Using this bound, it is shown that the for the universe as an expanding thermodynamical system, the total effective Komar energy never exceeds the square of the expansion rate with a factor of ."
"The search for the lepton flavor violating decay  will reach an unprecedented level of sensitivity within the next five years thanks to the MEG-II experiment. This experiment will take data at the Paul Scherrer Institut where continuous muon beams are delivered at a rate of about muons per second. On the same time scale, accelerator upgrades are expected in various facilities, making it feasible to have continuous beams with an intensity of or even muons per second. We investigate the experimental limiting factors that will define the ultimate performances, and hence the sensitivity, in the search for with a continuous beam at these extremely high rates. We then consider some conceptual detector designs and evaluate the corresponding sensitivity as a function of the beam intensity."
"We consider hidden charm pentaquarks as hadroquarkonium states in a QCD inspired approach. Pentaquarks arise naturally as bound states of quarkonia excitations and ordinary baryons. The LHCb pentaquark is interpreted as a -nucleon bound state with spin-parity . The partial decay width MeV is calculated and turned out to be in agreement with the experimental data for . The pentaquark is predicted to be a member of one of the two almost degenerate hidden-charm baryon octets with spin-parities . The masses and decay widths of the octet pentaquarks are calculated. The widths are small and comparable with the width of the pentaquark, and the masses of the octet pentaquarks satisfy the Gell-Mann–Okubo relation. Interpretation of pentaquarks as loosely bound and deuteronlike states is also considered. We determine quantum numbers of these bound states and calculate their masses in the one-pion exchange scenario. The hadroquarkonium and molecular approaches to exotic hadrons are compared and the relative advantages and drawbacks of each approach are discussed."
"We consider the pair production of vector-like down-type quarks in an motivated model, where each of the produced down-type vector-like quark decays into an ordinary Standard Model light quark and a singlet scalar. Both the vector-like quark and the singlet scalar appear naturally in the model with masses at the TeV scale with a favorable choice of symmetry breaking pattern. We focus on the non-standard decay of the vector-like quark and the new scalar which decays to two photons or two gluons. We analyze the signal for the vector-like quark production in the channel and show how the scalar and vector-like quark masses can be determined at the Large Hadron Collider."
"In this paper, we found the exact solutions of Einstein–Maxwell equations with generalized polytropic equation of state (GPEoS). For this, we consider spherically symmetric object with charged anisotropic matter distribution. We rewrite the field equations into simple form through transformation introduced by Durgapal (Phys Rev D 27:328, 1983) and solve these equations analytically. For the physically acceptability of these solutions, we plot physical quantities like energy density, anisotropy, speed of sound, tangential and radial pressure. We found that all solutions fulfill the required physical conditions. It is concluded that all our results are reduced to the case of anisotropic charged matter distribution with linear, quadratic as well as polytropic equation of state."
"We propose a model which is a simple extension of the KSVZ invisible axion model with an inert doublet scalar. Peccei–Quinn symmetry forbids tree-level neutrino mass generation and its remnant symmetry guarantees dark matter stability. The neutrino masses are generated by one-loop effects as a result of the breaking of Peccei–Quinn symmetry through a nonrenormalizable interaction. Although the low energy effective model coincides with an original scotogenic model which contains right-handed neutrinos with large masses, it is free from the strong &lt;i&gt;CP&lt;i/&gt; problem."
"Asymptotically safe quantum gravity predicts running gravitational and cosmological constants, while it remains a meaningful quantum field theory because of the existence of a finite number of non-Gaussian ultraviolet fixed points. We have investigated the effect of such running couplings on the cosmological perturbations. We have obtained the improved Mukhanov–Sassaki equation and solved it for two models. The effect of such running of the coupling constants on the cosmological power spectrum is also studied."
"We present an algorithm to generalize a plethora of well-known solutions to Einstein field equations describing spherically symmetric relativistic fluid spheres by relaxing the pressure isotropy condition on the system. By suitably fixing the model parameters in our formulation, we generate closed-form solutions which may be treated as an anisotropic generalization of a large class of solutions describing isotropic fluid spheres. From the resultant solutions, a particular solution is taken up to show its physical acceptability. Making use of the current estimate of mass and radius of a known pulsar, the effects of anisotropic stress on the gross physical behaviour of a relativistic compact star is also highlighted."
"We show how the use of &lt;i&gt;standard&lt;i/&gt; perturbative RG in dimensional regularization allows for a renormalization group-based computation of both the spectrum and a family of coefficients of the operator product expansion (OPE) for a given universality class. The task is greatly simplified by a straightforward generalization of perturbation theory to a &lt;i&gt;functional&lt;i/&gt; perturbative RG approach. We illustrate our procedure in the -expansion by obtaining the next-to-leading corrections for the spectrum and the leading corrections for the OPE coefficients of Ising and Lee-Yang universality classes and then give several results for the whole family of renormalizable multi-critical models . Whenever comparison is possible our RG results explicitly match the ones recently derived in CFT frameworks."
"We analyze the hidden charm &lt;i&gt;P&lt;i/&gt;-wave tetraquarks in the diquark model, using an effective Hamiltonian incorporating the dominant spin–spin, spin–orbit and tensor interactions. We compare with other &lt;i&gt;P&lt;i/&gt;-wave systems such as &lt;i&gt;P&lt;i/&gt;-wave charmonia and the newly discovered baryons, analysed recently in this framework. Given the uncertain experimental situation on the &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt; states, we allow for different spectra and discuss the related parameters in the diquark model. In addition to the presently observed ones, we expect many more states in the supermultiplet of diquarkonia, whose quantum numbers and masses are worked out, using the parameters from the currently preferred &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;-states pattern. The existence of these new resonances would be a decisive footprint of the underlying diquark dynamics."
"A hyperunified field theory is built in detail based on the postulates of gauge invariance and coordinate independence along with the conformal scaling symmetry. All elementary particles are merged into a single hyper-spinor field and all basic forces are unified into a fundamental interaction governed by the hyper-spin gauge symmetry SP(1, ). The dimension of hyper-spacetime is conjectured to have a physical origin in correlation with the hyper-spin charge of elementary particles. The hyper-gravifield fiber bundle structure of biframe hyper-spacetime appears naturally with the globally flat Minkowski hyper-spacetime as a base spacetime and the locally flat hyper-gravifield spacetime as a fiber that is viewed as a dynamically emerged hyper-spacetime characterized by a non-commutative geometry. The gravitational origin of gauge symmetry is revealed with the hyper-gravifield that plays an essential role as a Goldstone-like field. The gauge–gravity and gravity–geometry correspondences bring about the gravitational gauge–geometry duality. The basic properties of hyperunified field theory and the issue on the fundamental scale are analyzed within the framework of quantum field theory, which allows us to describe the laws of nature in deriving the gauge gravitational equation with the conserved current and the geometric gravitational equations of Einstein-like type and beyond."
"We define a different non-relativistic limit of p-brane with the help of canonical form of the p-brane action. We discuss the properties of these actions and their symmetries."
"Giving up the solutions to the fine-tuning problems, we propose the non-supersymmetric flipped model based on the minimal particle content principle, which can be constructed from the four-dimensional &lt;i&gt;SO&lt;i/&gt;(10) models, five-dimensional orbifold &lt;i&gt;SO&lt;i/&gt;(10) models, and local F-theory &lt;i&gt;SO&lt;i/&gt;(10) models. To achieve gauge coupling unification, we introduce one pair of vector-like fermions, which form a complete representation. The proton lifetime is around years, neutrino masses and mixing can be explained via the seesaw mechanism, baryon asymmetry can be generated via leptogenesis, and the vacuum stability problem can be solved as well. In particular, we propose that inflaton and dark matter particles can be unified to a real scalar field with symmetry, which is not an axion and does not have the non-minimal coupling to gravity. Such a kind of scenarios can be applied to the generic scalar dark matter models. Also, we find that the vector-like particle corrections to the masses might be about 6.6%, while their corrections to the and masses are negligible."
"We profit by a recent paper of Visser claiming that Rastall gravity is equivalent to Einstein gravity to compare the two gravitational theories in a general way. Our conclusions are different from Visser’s ones. We indeed argue that these two theories are not equivalent. In fact, Rastall theory of gravity is an “open” theory when compared to Einstein general theory of relativity. Thus, it is ready to accept the challenges of observational cosmology and quantum gravity."
"A search for neutral heavy resonances is performed in the decay channel using &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collision data corresponding to an integrated luminosity of , collected at a centre-of-mass energy of 13 by the ATLAS detector at the Large Hadron Collider. No evidence of such heavy resonances is found. In the search for production via the quark–antiquark annihilation or gluon–gluon fusion process, upper limits on as a function of the resonance mass are obtained in the mass range between 200 and up to 5 for various benchmark models: a Higgs-like scalar in different width scenarios, a two-Higgs-doublet model, a heavy vector triplet model, and a warped extra dimensions model. In the vector-boson fusion process, constraints are also obtained on these resonances, as well as on a Higgs boson in the Georgi–Machacek model and a heavy tensor particle coupling only to gauge bosons."
"The entanglement and Rényi entropies for spherical entangling surfaces in CFTs with gravity duals can be explicitly calculated by mapping these entropies first to the thermal entropy on hyperbolic space and then, using the AdS/CFT correspondence, to the Wald entropy of topological black holes. Here we extend this idea by taking into account corrections to the Wald entropy. Using the method based on horizon symmetries and the asymptotic Cardy formula, we calculate corrections to the Wald entropy and find that these corrections are proportional to the logarithm of the area of the horizon. With the corrected expression for the entropy of the black hole, we then find corrections to the Rényi entropies. We calculate these corrections for both Einstein and Gauss–Bonnet gravity duals. Corrections with logarithmic dependence on the area of the entangling surface naturally occur at the order . The entropic &lt;i&gt;c&lt;i/&gt;-function and the inequalities of the Rényi entropy are also satisfied even with the correction terms."
"We present the GAMBIT modules SpecBit, DecayBit and PrecisionBit. Together they provide a new framework for linking publicly available spectrum generators, decay codes and other precision observable calculations in a physically and statistically consistent manner. This allows users to automatically run various combinations of existing codes as if they are a single package. The modular design allows software packages fulfilling the same role to be exchanged freely at runtime, with the results presented in a common format that can easily be passed to downstream dark matter, collider and flavour codes. These modules constitute an essential part of the broader GAMBIT framework, a major new software package for performing global fits. In this paper we present the observable calculations, data, and likelihood functions implemented in the three modules, as well as the conventions and assumptions used in interfacing them with external codes. We also present 3-BIT-HIT, a command-line utility for computing mass spectra, couplings, decays and precision observables in the MSSM, which shows how the three modules can easily be used independently of GAMBIT."
"This erratum concerns the correction of some typographic errors appearing in the second and third sections of the article. The errors do not affect any of the results presented."
"Using the Regge-like formula between hadron mass &lt;i&gt;M&lt;i/&gt; and angular momentum &lt;i&gt;L&lt;i/&gt; with a heavy quark mass and a string tension , we analyze all the heavy–light systems, i.e., mesons and charmed and bottom baryons. Numerical plots are obtained for all the heavy–light mesons of experimental data whose slope becomes nearly equal to 1/2 of that for light hadrons. Assuming that charmed and bottom baryons consist of one heavy quark and one light cluster of two light quarks (diquark), we apply the formula to all the heavy–light baryons including the recently discovered and find that these baryons experimentally measured satisfy the above formula. We predict the average mass values of &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt;, , , , , and with to be 6.01, 6.13, 6.15, 3.05, 3.07, and 3.34 GeV, respectively. Our results on baryons suggest that these baryons can be safely regarded as heavy quark–light cluster configuration. We also find a universal description for all the heavy–light mesons as well as baryons, i.e., one unique line is enough to describe both of charmed and bottom heavy–light systems. Our results suggest that instead of mass itself, gluon flux energy is essential to obtain a linear trajectory. Our method gives a straight line for although the curved parent Regge trajectory was suggested before."
"In this article, we construct the axialvector-diquark–axialvector-antidiquark type currents to interpolate the scalar, axialvector, vector, tensor doubly charmed tetraquark states, and study them with QCD sum rules systematically by carrying out the operator product expansion up to the vacuum condensates of dimension 10 in a consistent way, the predicted masses can be confronted with the experimental data in the future. We can search for those doubly charmed tetraquark states in the Okubo–Zweig–Iizuka super-allowed strong decays to the charmed-meson pairs."
"A search for weakly interacting massive dark-matter particles produced in association with bottom or top quarks is presented. Final states containing third-generation quarks and missing transverse momentum are considered. The analysis uses of proton–proton collision data recorded by the ATLAS experiment at  TeV in 2015 and 2016. No significant excess of events above the estimated backgrounds is observed. The results are interpreted in the framework of simplified models of spin-0 dark-matter mediators. For colour-neutral spin-0 mediators produced in association with top quarks and decaying into a pair of dark-matter particles, mediator masses below 50 GeV are excluded assuming a dark-matter candidate mass of 1 GeV and unitary couplings. For scalar and pseudoscalar mediators produced in association with bottom quarks, the search sets limits on the production cross-section of 300 times the predicted rate for mediators with masses between 10 and and assuming a dark-matter mass of and unitary coupling. Constraints on colour-charged scalar simplified models are also presented. Assuming a dark-matter particle mass of , mediator particles with mass below are excluded for couplings yielding a dark-matter relic density consistent with measurements."
"We investigate whether a self-interacting Brans–Dicke theory in without matter and with a time-dependent metric can describe, after dimensional reduction to , the FLRW model with accelerated expansion and non-relativistic matter. By rewriting the effective 4-dimensional theory as an autonomous 3-dimensional dynamical system and studying its critical points, we show that the CDM cosmology cannot emerge from such a model. This result suggests that a richer structure in may be needed to obtain the accelerated expansion as well as the matter content of the 4-dimensional universe."
"In this paper, we study the dynamics of the light quark jet moving through the static, strongly coupled , anisotropic plasma with and without charge. The light quark is presented by a 2-parameters point-like initial condition falling string in the context of the AdS/CFT. We calculate the stopping distance of the light quark in the anisotropic medium and compare it with its isotropic value. We study the dependency of the stopping distance to the both string initial conditions and background parameters such as anisotropy parameter or chemical potential. Although the typical behavior of the string in the anisotropic medium is similar to the one in the isotropic AdS-Sch background, the string falls faster to the horizon depending on the direction of moving. Particularly, the enhancement of quenching is larger in the beam direction. We find that the suppression of stopping distance is more prominent when the anisotropic plasma have the same temperature as the isotropic plasma."
"Background coming from the Ar decay chain is considered to be one of the most relevant for the Gerda experiment, which searches for the neutrinoless double beta decay of Ge. The sensitivity strongly relies on the absence of background around the Q-value of the decay. Background coming from K, a progeny of Ar, can contribute to that background via electrons from the continuous spectrum with an endpoint at 3.5 MeV. Research and development on the suppression methods targeting this source of background were performed at the low-background test facility LArGe . It was demonstrated that by reducing K ion collection on the surfaces of the broad energy germanium detectors in combination with pulse shape discrimination techniques and an argon scintillation veto, it is possible to suppress K background by three orders of magnitude. This is sufficient for Phase II of the Gerda experiment."
"In this article, we tentatively assign the to be the diquark–antidiquark type axialvector tetraquark state, study the hadronic coupling constants with the QCD sum rules in details. We take into account both the connected and disconnected Feynman diagrams in carrying out the operator product expansion, as the connected Feynman diagrams alone cannot do the work. Special attentions are paid to matching the hadron side of the correlation functions with the QCD side of the correlation functions to obtain solid duality, the routine can be applied to study other hadronic couplings directly. We study the two-body strong decays and obtain the total width of the . The numerical results support assigning the to be the diquark–antidiquark type axialvector tetraquark state, and assigning the to be the meson–meson type axialvector molecular state."
"We study solutions for the Klein–Gordon equation with vector and scalar potentials of the Coulomb types under the influence of noninertial effects in the cosmic string spacetime. We also investigate a quantum particle described by the Klein–Gordon oscillator in the background spacetime generated by a cosmic string. An important result obtained is that the noninertial effects restrict the physical region of the spacetime where the particle can be placed. In addition, we show that these potentials can form bound states for the Klein–Gordon equation in this kind of background."
"Some effects of vacuum polarization in QED due to the presence of field sources are investigated. We focus on effects with no counter-part in Maxwell electrodynamics. The the Uehling interaction energy between two stationary point-like charges is calculated exactly in terms of Meijer-&lt;i&gt;G&lt;i/&gt; functions. Effects induced on a hydrogen atom by the vacuum polarization in the vicinity of a Dirac string are considered. We also calculate the interaction between two parallel Dirac strings and corrections to the energy levels of a quantum particle constrained to move on a ring circumventing a solenoid."
"The cosmological redshift drift could lead to the next step in high-precision cosmic geometric observations, becoming a direct and irrefutable test for cosmic acceleration. In order to test the viability and possible properties of this effect, also called Sandage–Loeb (SL) test, we generate a model-independent mock data set in order to compare its constraining power with that of the future mock data sets of Type Ia Supernovae (SNe) and Baryon Acoustic Oscillations (BAO). The performance of those data sets is analyzed by testing several cosmological models with the Markov chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) method, both independently as well as combining all data sets. Final results show that, in general, SL data sets allow for remarkable constraints on the matter density parameter today on every tested model, showing also a great complementarity with SNe and BAO data regarding dark energy parameters."
"The TauSpinner algorithm is a tool that allows one to modify the physics model of the Monte Carlo generated samples due to the changed assumptions of event production dynamics, but without the need of re-generating events. With the help of weights -lepton production or decay processes can be modified accordingly to a new physics model. In a recent paper a new version TauSpinner ver.2.0.0 has been presented which includes a provision for introducing non-standard states and couplings and study their effects in the vector-boson-fusion processes by exploiting the spin correlations of -lepton pair decay products in processes where final states include also two hard jets. In the present paper we document how this can be achieved taking as an example the non-standard spin-2 state that couples to Standard Model particles and tree-level matrix elements with complete helicity information included for the parton–parton scattering amplitudes into a -lepton pair and two outgoing partons. This implementation is prepared as the external (user-provided) routine for the TauSpinner algorithm. It exploits amplitudes generated by MadGraph5 and adapted to the TauSpinner algorithm format. Consistency tests of the implemented matrix elements, re-weighting algorithm and numerical results for observables sensitive to polarisation are presented."
"The effect of temperature changes on the light output of LAB based liquid scintillator is investigated in a range from to C with -particles and electrons in a small scale setup. Two PMTs observe the scintillator liquid inside a cylindrically shaped aluminum cuvette that is heated or cooled and the temperature dependent PMT sensitivity is monitored and corrected. The -emitting isotopes in dissolved radon gas and in natural Samarium (bound to a LAB solution) excite the liquid scintillator mixtures and changes in light output with temperature variation are observed by fitting light output spectra. Furthermore, also changes in light output by compton electrons, which are generated from external calibration -ray sources, is analysed with varying temperature. Assuming a linear behaviour, a combined negative temperature coefficient of is found. Considering hints for a particle type dependency, electrons show , whereas the temperature dependency seems stronger for -particles, with . Due to a high sampling rate, a pulse shape analysis can be performed and shows an enhanced slow decay component at lower temperatures, pointing to reduced non-radiative triplet state de-excitations."
"We compute correlators of two heavy and two light operators in the strong coupling and large &lt;i&gt;c&lt;i/&gt; limit of the D1D5 CFT which is dual to weakly coupled gravity. The light operators have dimension two and are scalar descendants of the chiral primaries considered in arXiv:1705.09250, while the heavy operators belong to an ensemble of Ramond–Ramond ground states. We derive a general expression for these correlators when the heavy states in the ensemble are close to the maximally spinning ground state. For a particular family of heavy states we also provide a result valid for any value of the spin. In all cases we find that the correlators depend non-trivially on the CFT moduli and are not determined by the symmetries of the theory; however, they have the properties expected for correlators among pure states in a unitary theory, in particular they do not decay at large Lorentzian times."
"We studied the effects of NLO evolution of generalized parton distributions (GPDs) using the aligned-jet model for the singlet quark and gluon GPDs at an initial evolution scale. We found that the skewness ratio for quarks is a slow logarithmic function of , reaching at GeV and for gluons in a wide range of . Using the resulting GPDs, we calculated the DVCS cross section on the proton in NLO pQCD and found that this model in conjunction with modern parameterizations of proton PDFs (CJ15 and CT14) provides a good description of the available H1 and ZEUS data in a wide kinematic range."
"The covariant motion of a classical point particle with magnetic moment in the presence of (external) electromagnetic fields is revisited. We are interested in understanding extensions to the Lorentz force involving point particle magnetic moment (Stern–Gerlach force) and how the spin precession dynamics is modified for consistency. We introduce spin as a classical particle property inherent to Poincaré symmetry of space-time. We propose a covariant formulation of the magnetic force based on a ‘magnetic’ 4-potential and show how the point particle magnetic moment relates to the Amperian (current loop) and Gilbertian (magnetic monopole) descriptions. We show that covariant spin precession lacks a unique form and discuss the connection to anomaly. We consider the variational action principle and find that a consistent extension of the Lorentz force to include magnetic spin force is not straightforward. We look at non-covariant particle dynamics, and present a short introduction to the dynamics of (neutral) particles hit by a laser pulse of arbitrary shape."
"Quantum tomography is a method to experimentally extract all that is observable about a quantum mechanical system. We introduce quantum tomography to collider physics with the illustration of the angular distribution of lepton pairs. The tomographic method bypasses much of the field-theoretic formalism to concentrate on what can be observed with experimental data. We provide a practical, experimentally driven guide to model-independent analysis using density matrices at every step. Comparison with traditional methods of analyzing angular correlations of inclusive reactions finds many advantages in the tomographic method, which include manifest Lorentz covariance, direct incorporation of positivity constraints, exhaustively complete polarization information, and new invariants free from frame conventions. For example, experimental data can determine the entanglement entropy of the production process. We give reproducible numerical examples and provide a supplemental standalone computer code that implements the procedure. We also highlight a property of complex positivity that guarantees in a least-squares type fit that a local minimum of a statistic will be a global minimum: There are no isolated local minima. This property with an automated implementation of positivity promises to mitigate issues relating to multiple minima and convention dependence that have been problematic in previous work on angular distributions."
"Given the recent progress in dark matter direction detection experiments, we examine a light bino–higgsino dark matter (DM) scenario ( GeV and GeV) in natural supersymmetry with the electroweak fine tuning measure . By imposing various constraints, we note that: (i) For , the parameter space allowed by the DM relic density and collider bounds can almost be excluded by the very recent spin-independent (SI) scattering cross-section limits from the XENON1T (2017) experiment. (ii) For , the SI limits can be evaded due to the cancelation effects in the coupling, while rather stringent constraints come from the PandaX-II (2016) spin-dependent (SD) scattering cross-section limits, which can exclude the higgsino mass and the LSP mass up to about 230 and 37 GeV, respectively. Furthermore, the surviving parameter space will be fully covered by the projected XENON1T experiment or the future trilepton searches at the HL-LHC."
"Effective field theory techniques are used to study the leading order quantum corrections to the gravitational wave backreaction. The effective stress-energy tensor is calculated and it is shown that it has a non-vanishing trace that contributes to the cosmological constant. By comparing the result obtained with LIGO’s data, the first bound on the amplitude of the massive mode is found: ."
"We consider the production of and mesons originating from the decays of &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-flavored hadrons at the LHC using the -factorization approach. Our analysis covers both inclusive charmonia production and production of mesons in association with &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; bosons. We apply the transverse momentum dependent (or unintegrated) gluon density in a proton derived from Catani–Ciafaloni–Fiorani–Marchesini (CCFM) evolution equation and adopt fragmentation functions based on the non-relativistic QCD factorization to describe the inclusive &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-hadron decays into the different charmonium states. Our predictions agree well with latest experimental data taken by the CMS, ATLAS and LHCb Collaborations at , 8 and 13 TeV. The contributions from double parton scattering to the associated non-prompt production are estimated and found to be small."
"The decay is a key probe for the search of physics beyond the Standard Model. While the current measurements of the corresponding branching ratio agree with the Standard Model within the uncertainties, significant New-Physics effects may still be hiding in . In order to reveal them, the observable , which is provided by the decay width difference of the -meson system, plays a central role. We point out that a measurement of a CP-violating observable , which is induced through interference between – mixing and decay processes, is essential to obtain the full picture, in particular to establish new scalar contributions and CP-violating phases. We illustrate these findings with future scenarios for the upgrade(s) of the LHC, exploiting also relations which emerge within an effective field theory description of the Standard Model, complemented with New Physics entering significantly beyond the electroweak scale."
"The spatially averaged inhomogeneous Universe includes a kinematical backreaction term that is relate to the averaged spatial Ricci scalar in the framework of general relativity. Under the assumption that and obey the scaling laws of the volume scale factor , a direct coupling between them with a scaling index &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt; is remarkable. In order to explore the generic properties of a backreaction model for explaining the accelerated expansion of the Universe, we exploit two metrics to describe the late time Universe. Since the standard FLRW metric cannot precisely describe the late time Universe on small scales, the template metric with an evolving curvature parameter is employed. However, we doubt the validity of the prescription for , which motivates us apply observational Hubble parameter data (OHD) to constrain parameters in dust cosmology. First, for FLRW metric, by getting best-fit constraints of , , and , the evolutions of parameters are explored. Second, in template metric context, by marginalizing over as a prior of uniform distribution, we obtain the best-fit values of and . Moreover, we utilize three different Gaussian priors of , which result in different best-fits of &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt;, but almost the same best-fit value of . Also, the absolute constraints without marginalization of parameter are obtained: and . With these constraints, the evolutions of the effective deceleration parameter indicate that the backreaction can account for the accelerated expansion of the Universe without involving extra dark energy component in the scaling solution context. Nevertheless, the results also verify that the prescription of is insufficient and should be improved."
"A difficult task to deal with is the analytical treatment of models composed of three real scalar fields, as their equations of motion are in general coupled and hard to integrate. In order to overcome this problem we introduce a methodology to construct three-field models based on the so-called “extension method”. The fundamental idea of the procedure is to combine three one-field systems in a non-trivial way, to construct an effective three scalar field model. An interesting scenario where the method can be implemented is with inflationary models, where the Einstein–Hilbert Lagrangian is coupled with the scalar field Lagrangian. We exemplify how a new model constructed from our method can lead to non-trivial behaviors for cosmological parameters."
"We discuss the leptonic decay constants of heavy–light mesons by means of Borel QCD sum rules in the local-duality (LD) limit of infinitely large Borel mass parameter. In this limit, for an appropriate choice of the invariant structures in the QCD correlation functions, all vacuum-condensate contributions vanish and all nonperturbative effects are contained in only one quantity, the effective threshold. We study properties of the LD effective thresholds in the limits of large heavy-quark mass and small light-quark mass . In the heavy-quark limit, we clarify the role played by the radiative corrections in the effective threshold for reproducing the pQCD expansion of the decay constants of pseudoscalar and vector mesons. We show that the dependence of the meson decay constants on arises predominantly (at the level of 70–80%) from the calculable -dependence of the perturbative spectral densities. Making use of the lattice QCD results for the decay constants of nonstrange and strange pseudoscalar and vector heavy mesons, we obtain solid predictions for the decay constants of heavy–light mesons as functions of in the range from a few to 100 MeV and evaluate the corresponding strong isospin-breaking effects: , , , ."
"The thin-shell wormhole created using the Darmois–Israel formalism applied to Robinson–Trautman family of spacetimes is presented. The stress energy tensor created on the throat is interpreted in terms of two dust streams and it is shown that asymptotically this wormhole settles to the Schwarzschild wormhole with a throat located at the position of the horizon. This behavior shows a nonlinear stability (within the Robinson–Trautman class) of this spherically symmetric wormhole. The gravitational radiation emitted by the Robinson–Trautman wormhole during the transition to spherical symmetry is indistinguishable from that of the corresponding black hole Robinson–Trautman spacetime. Subsequently, we show that the higher-dimensional generalization of Robinson–Trautman geometry offers a possibility of constructing wormholes without the need to violate the energy conditions for matter induced on the throat."
"In the framework of a 3-3-1 model with right-handed neutrinos and three scalar triplets we consider different spontaneous symmetry breaking patterns seeking for a non-linear realization of accidental symmetries of the model, which will produce physical Nambu–Goldstone (NG) bosons in the neutral scalar spectrum. We make a detailed study of the safety of the model concerning the NG boson emission in energy-loss processes which could affect the standard evolution of astrophysical objects. We consider the model with a symmetry, conventionally used in the literature, finding that in all of the symmetry breaking patterns the model is excluded. Additionally, looking for solutions for that problem, we introduce soft -breaking terms in the scalar potential in order to remove the extra accidental symmetries and at the same time maintain the model as simple as possible. We find that there is only one soft -breaking term that enables us to get rid of the problematic NG bosons."
"Four-lepton production in proton-proton collisions, , where or , is studied at a center-of-mass energy of 13 with the CMS detector at the LHC. The data sample corresponds to an integrated luminosity of 35.9. The ZZ production cross section, , measured using events with two opposite-sign, same-flavor lepton pairs produced in the mass region , is consistent with standard model predictions. Differential cross sections are measured and are well described by the theoretical predictions. The Z boson branching fraction to four leptons is measured to be for events with a four-lepton invariant mass in the range and a dilepton mass for all opposite-sign, same-flavor lepton pairs. The results agree with standard model predictions. The invariant mass distribution of the four-lepton system is used to set limits on anomalous ZZZ and ZZ couplings at 95% confidence level: , , , ."
"The on-shell diagram is a very important tool in studying scattering amplitudes. In this paper we discuss the on-shell diagrams without external BCFW bridges. We introduce an extra step of adding an auxiliary external momentum line. Then we can decompose the on-shell diagrams by removing external BCFW bridges to a planar diagram whose top-form is well known now. The top-form of the on-shell diagram with the auxiliary line can be obtained by adding the BCFW bridges in an inverse order as discussed in our former paper (Chen et al. in Eur Phys J C 77(2):80 2017). To get the top-form of the original diagram, the soft limit of the auxiliary line is needed. We obtain the evolution rule for the Grassmannian integral and the geometry constraint in the soft limit. This completes the top-form description of leading singularities in nonplanar scattering amplitudes of  Super Yang–Mills (SYM), which is valid for arbitrary higher-loops and beyond the Maximally-Helicity-Violation (MHV) amplitudes."
"This paper presents a measurement of the polarisation of leptons produced in decays which is performed with a dataset of proton—proton collisions at TeV, corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 20.2 fb recorded with the ATLAS detector at the LHC in 2012. The decays are reconstructed from a hadronically decaying lepton with a single charged particle in the final state, accompanied by a lepton that decays leptonically. The polarisation is inferred from the relative fraction of energy carried by charged and neutral hadrons in the hadronic decays. The polarisation is measured in a fiducial region that corresponds to the kinematic region accessible to this analysis. The polarisation extracted over the full phase space within the mass range of 66 116 GeV is found to be . It is in agreement with the Standard Model prediction of , which is obtained from the ALPGEN event generator interfaced with the PYTHIA 6 parton shower modelling and the TAUOLA decay library."
"We study the effects of Gauss–Bonnet corrections on some nonlocal probes (entanglement entropy, &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt;-partite information and Wilson loop) in the holographic model with momentum relaxation. Higher-curvature terms as well as scalar fields make in fact nontrivial corrections to the coefficient of the universal term in entanglement entropy. We use holographic methods to study such corrections. Moreover, holographic calculation indicates that mutual and tripartite information undergo a transition beyond which they identically change their values. We find that the behavior of the transition curves depends on the sign of the Gauss–Bonnet coupling . The transition for takes place in larger separation of subsystems than that of . Finally, we examine the behavior of modified part of the force between external point-like objects as a function of Gauss–Bonnet coupling and its sign."
"We present precise predictions for prompt photon production in association with a &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; boson and jets. They are obtained within the Sherpa framework as a consistently merged inclusive sample. Leptonic decays of the &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; boson are fully included in the calculation with all off-shell effects. Virtual matrix elements are provided by OpenLoops and parton-shower effects are simulated with a dipole parton shower. Thanks to the NLO QCD corrections included not only for inclusive production but also for the + 1-jet process we find significantly reduced systematic uncertainties and very good agreement with experimental measurements at . Predictions at are displayed including a study of theoretical uncertainties. In view of an application of these simulations within LHC experiments, we discuss in detail the necessary combination with a simulation of the &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; + jets final state. In addition to a corresponding prescription we introduce recommended cross checks to avoid common pitfalls during the overlap removal between the two samples."
"It is generally assumed that in order to preserve Bose symmetry in the left- (or right-chiral) current it is necessary to equally distribute the chiral anomaly between the vectorial and the axial Ward identities, requiring the use of counterterms to restore consistency. In this work, we show how to calculate the quantum breaking of the left- and right-chiral currents in a way that allows to preserve Bose symmetry independently of the chiral anomaly, using the implicit regularization method."
"We analytically and numerically disclose the effects of the higher-order correction terms in the gravity and in the gauge field on the properties of &lt;i&gt;s&lt;i/&gt;-wave holographic superconductors. On the gravity side, we consider the higher curvature Gauss–Bonnet corrections and on the gauge field side, we add a quadratic correction term to the Maxwell Lagrangian. We show that, for this system, one can still obtain an analytical relation between the critical temperature and the charge density. We also calculate the critical exponent and the condensation value both analytically and numerically. We use a variational method, based on the Sturm–Liouville eigenvalue problem for our analytical study, as well as a numerical shooting method in order to compare with our analytical results. For a fixed value of the Gauss–Bonnet parameter, we observe that the critical temperature decreases with increasing the nonlinearity of the gauge field. This implies that the nonlinear correction term to the Maxwell electrodynamics makes the condensation harder. We also study the holographic conductivity of the system and disclose the effects of the Gauss–Bonnet and nonlinear parameters and &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt; on the superconducting gap. We observe that, for various values of and &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;, the real part of the conductivity is proportional to the frequency per temperature, , as the frequency is large enough. Besides, the conductivity has a minimum in the imaginary part which is shifted toward greater frequency with decreasing temperature."
"We describe a likelihood analysis using MasterCode of variants of the MSSM in which the soft supersymmetry-breaking parameters are assumed to have universal values at some scale below the supersymmetric grand unification scale , as can occur in mirage mediation and other models. In addition to , such ‘sub-GUT’ models have the 4 parameters of the CMSSM, namely a common gaugino mass , a common soft supersymmetry-breaking scalar mass , a common trilinear mixing parameter &lt;i&gt;A&lt;i/&gt; and the ratio of MSSM Higgs vevs , assuming that the Higgs mixing parameter . We take into account constraints on strongly- and electroweakly-interacting sparticles from /fb of LHC data at 13 TeV and the LUX and 2017 PICO, XENON1T and PandaX-II searches for dark matter scattering, in addition to the previous LHC and dark matter constraints as well as full sets of flavour and electroweak constraints. We find a preference for to , with disfavoured by due to the constraint. The lower limits on strongly-interacting sparticles are largely determined by LHC searches, and similar to those in the CMSSM. We find a preference for the LSP to be a Bino or Higgsino with , with annihilation via heavy Higgs bosons &lt;i&gt;H&lt;i/&gt; / &lt;i&gt;A&lt;i/&gt; and stop coannihilation, or chargino coannihilation, bringing the cold dark matter density into the cosmological range. We find that spin-independent dark matter scattering is likely to be within reach of the planned LUX-Zeplin and XENONnT experiments. We probe the impact of the constraint, finding similar results whether or not it is included."
"Lounesto’s classification of spinors is a comprehensive and exhaustive algorithm that, based on the bilinears covariants, discloses the possibility of a large variety of spinors, comprising regular and singular spinors and their unexpected applications in physics and including the cases of Dirac, Weyl, and Majorana as very particular spinor fields. In this paper we pose the problem of an analogous classification in the framework of second quantization. We first discuss in general the nature of the problem. Then we start the analysis of two basic bilinear covariants, the scalar and pseudoscalar, in the second quantized setup, with expressions applicable to the quantum field theory extended to all types of spinors. One can see that an ampler set of possibilities opens up with respect to the classical case. A quantum reconstruction algorithm is also proposed. The Feynman propagator is extended for spinors in all classes."
"It has long been known that photons and gravitons may appear as vector and tensor Goldstone modes caused by spontaneous Lorentz invariance violation (SLIV). Usually this approach is considered for photons and gravitons separately. We develop the emergent electrogravity theory consisting of the ordinary QED and the tensor-field gravity model which mimics the linearized general relativity in Minkowski spacetime. In this theory, Lorentz symmetry appears incorporated into higher global symmetries of the length-fixing constraints put on the vector and tensor fields involved, and ( and are the proposed symmetry breaking scales). We show that such a SLIV pattern being related to breaking of global symmetries underlying these constraints induces the massless Goldstone and pseudo-Goldstone modes shared by photon and graviton. While for a vector field case the symmetry of the constraint coincides with Lorentz symmetry &lt;i&gt;SO&lt;i/&gt;(1, 3) of the electrogravity Lagrangian, the tensor-field constraint itself possesses much higher global symmetry &lt;i&gt;SO&lt;i/&gt;(7, 3), whose spontaneous violation provides a sufficient number of zero modes collected in a graviton. Accordingly, while the photon may only contain true Goldstone modes, the graviton appears at least partially to be composed of pseudo-Goldstone modes rather than of pure Goldstone ones. When expressed in terms of these modes, the theory looks essentially nonlinear and contains a variety of Lorentz and CPT violating couplings. However, all SLIV effects turn out to be strictly cancelled in the lowest order processes considered in some detail. How this emergent electrogravity theory could be observationally different from conventional QED and GR theories is also briefly discussed."
"We study the potential of future lepton colliders to probe violation of the CP symmetry in the top quark sector. In certain extensions of the Standard Model, such as the two-Higgs-doublet model (2HDM), sizeable anomalous top quark dipole moments can arise, which may be revealed by a precise measurement of top quark pair production. We present results from detailed Monte Carlo studies for the ILC at and CLIC at and use parton-level simulations to explore the potential of high-energy operation. We find that precise measurements in production with subsequent decay to lepton plus jets final states can provide sufficient sensitivity to detect Higgs-boson-induced CP violation in a viable two-Higgs-doublet model. The potential of a linear collider to detect CP-violating electric and weak dipole form factors of the top quark exceeds the prospects of the HL-LHC by over an order of magnitude."
"A search for the direct production of charginos and neutralinos in final states with at least two hadronically decaying tau leptons is presented. The analysis uses a dataset of &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collisions corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 36.1 fb, recorded with the ATLAS detector at the Large Hadron Collider at a centre-of-mass energy of 13 TeV. No significant deviation from the expected Standard Model background is observed. Limits are derived in scenarios of pair production and of and production in simplified models where the neutralinos and charginos decay solely via intermediate left-handed staus and tau sneutrinos, and the mass of the state is set to be halfway between the masses of the and the . Chargino masses up to 630 GeV are excluded at 95% confidence level in the scenario of direct production of for a massless . Common and masses up to 760 GeV are excluded in the case of production of and assuming a massless . Exclusion limits for additional benchmark scenarios with large and small mass-splitting between the and the are also studied by varying the mass between the masses of the and the ."
"We consider a field theory model of coupled dark energy which treats dark energy as a three-form field and dark matter as a spinor field. By assuming the effective mass of dark matter as a power-law function of the three-form field and neglecting the potential term of dark energy, we obtain three solutions of the autonomous system of evolution equations, including a de Sitter attractor, a tracking solution and an approximate solution. To understand the strength of the coupling, we confront the model with the latest Type Ia Supernova, Baryon Acoustic Oscillations and Cosmic Microwave Background radiation observations, with the conclusion that the combination of these three databases marginalized over the present dark matter density parameter and the present three-form field gives stringent constraints on the coupling constant, ( confidence level), by which we present the model’s applicable parameter range."
"In this paper, we take into account the dilaton black hole solutions of Einstein gravity in the presence of logarithmic and exponential forms of nonlinear electrodynamics. First of all, we consider the cosmological constant and nonlinear parameter as thermodynamic quantities which can vary. We obtain thermodynamic quantities of the system such as pressure, temperature and Gibbs free energy in an extended phase space. We complete the analogy of the nonlinear dilaton black holes with the Van der Waals liquid–gas system. We work in the canonical ensemble and hence we treat the charge of the black hole as an external fixed parameter. Moreover, we calculate the critical values of temperature, volume and pressure and show that they depend on the dilaton coupling constant as well as on the nonlinear parameter. We also investigate the critical exponents and find that they are universal and independent of the dilaton and nonlinear parameters, which is an expected result. Finally, we explore the phase transition of nonlinear dilaton black holes by studying the Gibbs free energy of the system. We find that in the case of , we have no phase transition. When , the system admits a second-order phase transition, while for the system experiences a first-order transition. Interestingly, for we observe a &lt;i&gt;zeroth-order&lt;i/&gt; phase transition in the presence of a dilaton field. This novel &lt;i&gt;zeroth-order&lt;i/&gt; phase transition occurs due to a finite jump in the Gibbs free energy which is generated by the dilaton–electromagnetic coupling constant, , for a certain range of pressure."
"In this paper we deal with radiation from heavy quarks in the context of next-to-leading order calculations matched to parton shower generators. A new algorithm for radiation from massive quarks is presented that has considerable advantages over the one previously employed. We implement the algorithm in the framework of the POWHEG-BOX, and compare it with the previous one in the case of the hvq generator for bottom production in hadronic collisions, and in the case of the bb4l generator for top production and decay."
"In this work we will extend the inert-doublet model (IDM) by adding a new gauge symmetry to it, under which, a even scalar () and odd right handed component of two exotic charged leptons , are charged. We also add one even real scalar () and one complex scalar (), three neutral Majorana right handed fermions (), two left handed components of the exotic charged leptons as well as are all odd under the , all of which are not charged under the . With these new particles added to the IDM, we have a model which can give two scalar DM candidates, together they can explain the present DM relic density as well as the muon (g-2) anomaly simultaneously. Also in this model the neutrino masses are generated at one loop level. One of the most peculiar feature of this model is that non-trivial solution to the axial gauge anomaly free conditions lead to the prediction of a stable very heavy partner to the electron (), whose present collider limit (13 TeV LHC) on its mass should be around few TeV."
"We consider the arbitrarily coupled field and self-force of a static massless scalar charge in cylindrical spacetimes with one or two asymptotic regions, with the only matter content concentrated in a thin-shell characterized by the trace of the extrinsic curvature jump . The self-force is studied numerically and analytically in terms of the curvature coupling . We found the critical values , with and the metric’s profile function at the position of the shell, for which the scalar field is divergent in the background configuration. The pathological behavior is removed by restricting the coupling to a domain of stability. The coupling has a significant influence over the self-force at the vicinities of the shell, and we identified as the value for which the scalar force changes sign at a neighborhood of ; if the shell acts repulsively as an effective potential barrier, while if it attracts the charge as a potential well. The sign of the asymptotic self-force only depends on whether there is an angle deficit or not on the external region where the charge is placed; conical asymptotics produce a leading attractive force, while Minkowski regions produce a repulsive asymptotic self-force."
"An alternative left–right model of quarks and leptons, where the lepton doublet is replaced with so that is not the Dirac mass partner of , has been known since 1987. Previous versions assumed a global symmetry to allow &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt; to be identified as a dark-matter fermion. We propose here a gauge extension by the addition of extra fermions to render the model free of gauge anomalies, and just one singlet scalar to break . This results in two layers of dark matter, one hidden behind the other."
"We study the unpolarized gluon quasidistribution function in the nucleon at one loop level in the large momentum effective theory. For the quark quasidistribution, power law ultraviolet divergences arise in the cut-off scheme and an important observation is that they all are subjected to Wilson lines. However for the gluon quasidistribution function, we first point out that the linear ultraviolet divergences also exist in the real diagram which is not connected to any Wilson line. We then study the one loop corrections to parton distribution functions in both cut-off scheme and dimensional regularization to deal with the ultraviolet divergences. In addition to the ordinary quark and gluon distributions, we also include the quark to gluon and gluon to quark splitting diagrams. The complete one-loop matching factors between the quasi and light cone parton distribution functions are presented in the cut-off scheme. We derive the evolution equation for quasi parton distribution functions, and find that the evolution kernels are identical to the DGLAP evolution kernels."
"In this work we present the minimal supersymmetric extension of the five-dimensional dilaton-gravity theory that captures the main properties of the holographic dual of little string theory. It is described by a particular gauging of supergravity coupled with one vector multiplet associated with the string dilaton, along the &lt;i&gt;U&lt;i/&gt;(1) subgroup of &lt;i&gt;SU&lt;i/&gt;(2) R-symmetry. The linear dilaton in the fifth coordinate solution of the equations of motion (with flat string frame metric) breaks half of the supersymmetries to in four dimensions. Interest in the linear dilaton model has lately been revived in the context of the clockwork mechanism, which has recently been proposed as a new source of exponential scale separation in field theory."
"The dynamics of cosmological anisotropies is investigated for Bianchi type I universe filled by a relativistic matter represented by the reduced relativistic gas model (RRG), with equation of state interpolating between radiation and matter. Previously it was shown that the interpolation is observed in the background cosmological solutions for homogeneous and isotropic universe and also for the linear cosmological perturbations. We extend the application of RRG to the Bianchi type I anisotropic model and find that the solutions evolve to the isotropic universe with the pressureless matter contents."
"In this paper we study the performance in collisions of classical jet reconstruction algorithms, longitudinally invariant algorithms and the recently proposed Valencia algorithm. The study includes a comparison of perturbative and non-perturbative jet energy corrections and the response under realistic background conditions. Several algorithms are benchmarked with a detailed detector simulation at  TeV. We find that the classical algorithms, with or without beam jets, have the best response, but they are inadequate in environments with non-negligible background. The Valencia algorithm and longitudinally invariant algorithms have a much more robust performance, with a slight advantage for the former."
"In this work, the hydrogen’s ionization energy was used to constrain the free parameter &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt; of three Born–Infeld-like electrodynamics namely Born–Infeld itself, Logarithmic electrodynamics and Exponential electrodynamics. An analytical methodology capable of calculating the hydrogen ground state energy level correction for a generic nonlinear electrodynamics was developed. Using the experimental uncertainty in the ground state energy of the hydrogen atom, the bound , where , and for the Born–Infeld, Logarithmic and Exponential electrodynamics respectively, was established. In the particular case of Born–Infeld electrodynamics, the constraint found for &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt; was compared with other constraints present in the literature."
"Measurements of longitudinal flow correlations are presented for charged particles in the pseudorapidity range using 7 and 470 of Pb+Pb collisions at and 5.02 TeV, respectively, recorded by the ATLAS detector at the LHC. It is found that the correlation between the harmonic flow coefficients measured in two separated intervals does not factorise into the product of single-particle coefficients, and this breaking of factorisation, or flow decorrelation, increases linearly with the separation between the intervals. The flow decorrelation is stronger at 2.76 TeV than at 5.02 TeV. Higher-order moments of the correlations are also measured, and the corresponding linear coefficients for the -moment of the are found to be proportional to &lt;i&gt;k&lt;i/&gt; for , but not for . The decorrelation effect is separated into contributions from the magnitude of and the event-plane orientation, each as a function of . These two contributions are found to be comparable. The longitudinal flow correlations are also measured between of different order in &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt;. The decorrelations of and are found to be independent of each other, while the decorrelations of and are found to be driven by the nonlinear contribution from and , respectively."
"The spectroscopic parameters and decay channels of the doubly charged scalar, pseudoscalar and axial-vector charm–strange tetraquarks are explored within framework of the QCD sum rule method. The masses and current couplings of these diquark–antidiquark states are calculated by means of two-point correlation functions and taking into account the vacuum condensates up to eight dimensions. To compute the strong couplings of states with and &lt;i&gt;K&lt;i/&gt; mesons we use QCD light-cone sum rules and evaluate width of their &lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt;- and &lt;i&gt;P&lt;i/&gt;-wave decays to a pair of negatively charged conventional mesons: For the scalar state , for the pseudoscalar state and for the axial-vector state decays are investigated. Obtained predictions for the spectroscopic parameters and decay widths of the tetraquarks may be useful for experimental investigations of the doubly charged exotic hadrons."
"A search for standard model production of four top quarks () is reported using events containing at least three leptons () or a same-sign lepton pair. The events are produced in proton–proton collisions at a center-of-mass energy of 13 at the LHC, and the data sample, recorded in 2016, corresponds to an integrated luminosity of 35.9. Jet multiplicity and flavor are used to enhance signal sensitivity, and dedicated control regions are used to constrain the dominant backgrounds. The observed and expected signal significances are, respectively, 1.6 and 1.0 standard deviations, and the cross section is measured to be , in agreement with next-to-leading-order standard model predictions. These results are also used to constrain the Yukawa coupling between the top quark and the Higgs boson to be less than 2.1 times its expected standard model value at 95% confidence level."
"We study the stability under scalar perturbations, and we compute the quasinormal modes of the Einstein–Born–Infeld dilaton spacetime in dimensions. Solving the full radial equation in terms of hypergeometric functions, we provide an exact analytical expression for the spectrum. We find that the frequencies are purely imaginary, and we confirm our results by computing them numerically. Although the scalar field that perturbs the black hole is electrically neutral, an instability similar to that seen in charged scalar perturbations of the Reissner–Nordström black hole is observed."
"We investigate the kurtosis and skewness of net-baryon number fluctuations in the Polyakov loop extended Nambu–Jona-Lasinio (PNJL) model, and discuss the relations between fluctuation distributions and the phase structure of quark-gluon matter. The calculation shows that the traces of chiral and deconfinement transitions can be effectively reflected by the kurtosis and skewness of net-baryon number fluctuations not only in the critical region but also in the crossover region. The contour plot of baryon number kurtosis derived in the PNJL model can qualitatively explain the behavior of net-proton number kurtosis in the STAR beam energy scan experiments. Moreover, the three-dimensional presentations of the kurtosis and skewness in this study are helpful to understand the relations between baryon number fluctuations and QCD phase structure."
"A new calculation using off-shell matrix elements with TMD parton densities supplemented with a newly developed initial state TMD parton shower is described. The calculation is based on the KaTie package for an automated calculation of the partonic process in high-energy factorization, making use of TMD parton densities implemented in TMDlib. The partonic events are stored in an LHE file, similar to the conventional LHE files, but now containing the transverse momenta of the initial partons. The LHE files are read in by the Cascade package for the full TMD parton shower, final state shower and hadronization from Pythia where events in HEPMC format are produced. We have determined a full set of TMD parton densities and developed an initial state TMD parton shower, including all flavors following the TMD distribution. As an example of application we have calculated the azimuthal de-correlation of high dijets as measured at the LHC and found very good agreement with the measurement when including initial state TMD parton showers together with conventional final state parton showers and hadronization."
"In this letter, we decode the newly observed charmoniumlike states, &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4320) and &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4390), by introducing interference effect between and , which plays a role of resonance killer for &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4320) and &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4390). It means that two newly reported charmoniumlike states are not genuine resonances, according to which we can naturally explain why two well-established charmonia and are missing in the cross sections of and simultaneously. To well describe the detailed data of these cross sections around GeV, our study further illustrates that a charmoniumlike structure &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4220) must be introduced. As a charmonium, &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4220) should dominantly decay into its open-charm channel , which provides an extra support to assignment to &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4220). In fact, this interference effect introduced to explain &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4320) and &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4390) gives a typical example of non-resonant explanations to the observed &lt;i&gt;XYZ&lt;i/&gt; states, which should be paid more attention especially before identifying the observed &lt;i&gt;XYZ&lt;i/&gt; states as genuine resonances."
"A prototype of a luminometer, designed for a future collider detector, and consisting at present of a four-plane module, was tested in the CERN PS accelerator T9 beam. The objective of this beam test was to demonstrate a multi-plane tungsten/silicon operation, to study the development of the electromagnetic shower and to compare it with MC simulations. The Molière radius has been determined to be 24.0 ± 0.6 (stat.) ± 1.5 (syst.) mm using a parametrization of the shower shape. Very good agreement was found between data and a detailed Geant4 simulation."
"Recently, the theory of topologically massive gravity non-minimally coupled to a scalar field has been proposed, which comes from the Lorentz–Chern–Simons theory (JHEP 06, 113, 2015), a torsion-free theory. We extend this theory by adding an extra term which makes the torsion to be non-zero. We show that the BTZ spacetime is a particular solution to this theory in the case where the scalar field is constant. The quasi-local conserved charge is defined by the concept of the generalized off-shell ADT current. Also a general formula is found for the entropy of the stationary black hole solution in context of the considered theory. The obtained formulas are applied to the BTZ black hole solution in order to obtain the energy, the angular momentum and the entropy of this solution. The central extension term, the central charges and the eigenvalues of the Virasoro algebra generators for the BTZ black hole solution are thus obtained. The energy and the angular momentum of the BTZ black hole using the eigenvalues of the Virasoro algebra generators are calculated. Also, using the Cardy formula, the entropy of the BTZ black hole is found. It is found that the results obtained in two different ways exactly match, just as expected."
"We investigate the radiation to infinity of a massless scalar field from a source falling radially towards a Schwarzschild black hole using the framework of the quantum field theory at tree level. When the source falls from infinity, the monopole radiation is dominant for low initial velocities. Higher multipoles become dominant at high initial velocities. It is found that, as in the electromagnetic and gravitational cases, at high initial velocities the energy spectrum for each multipole with approximately is constant up to the fundamental quasinormal frequency and then drops to zero. We also investigate the case where the source falls from rest at a finite distance from the black hole. It is found that the monopole and dipole contributions in this case are dominant. This case needs to be carefully distinguished from the unphysical process where the source abruptly appears at rest and starts falling, which would result in radiation of an infinite amount of energy. We also investigate the radiation of a massless scalar field to the horizon of the black hole, finding some features similar to the gravitational case."
"In this paper, we describe the XENON100 data analyses used to assess the target-intrinsic background sources radon ( ), thoron ( ) and krypton ( ). We detail the event selections of high-energy alpha particles and decay-specific delayed coincidences. We derive distributions of the individual radionuclides inside the detector and quantify their abundances during the main three science runs of the experiment over a period of , from January 2010 to January 2014. We compare our results to external measurements of radon emanation and krypton concentrations where we find good agreement. We report an observed reduction in concentrations of radon daughters that we attribute to the plating-out of charged ions on the negatively biased cathode."
"Linear stability of braneworld models constructed with multi-scalar fields is very different from that of single-scalar field models. It is well known that both the tensor and the scalar perturbations of the latter are stable at linear level. However, in general there is no effective method to deal with the stability problem of the scalar perturbations for braneworld models constructed with non-minimally coupled multi-scalar fields. In this work we present a systematic covariant approach to deal with the scalar perturbations. By introducing the orthonormal bases in field space and making the Kaluza–Klein decomposition, we get a set of coupled Schrödinger-like equations of the scalar perturbation modes. Using the nodal theorem, we show that the result is model-dependent. For superpotential derived brane models, the scalar perturbations are stable, but there exist normalizable scalar zero modes, which will result in unacceptable fifth force on the brane. We also use this method to analyze the &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) braneworld model with an explicit solution and find that the scalar perturbations are stable and the scalar zero modes cannot be localized on the brane, which ensures that there is no extra long-range force and the Newtonian potential on the brane can be recovered."
"We consider a “scalar-Einstein–Gauss–Bonnet” theory in four dimension, where the scalar field couples non-minimally with the Gauss–Bonnet (GB) term. This coupling with the scalar field ensures the non-topological character of the GB term. In this scenario, we examine the possibility for collapsing of the scalar field. Our result reveals that such a collapse is possible in the presence of Gauss–Bonnet gravity for suitable choices of parametric regions. The singularity formed as a result of the collapse is found to be a curvature singularity which is hidden from the exterior by an apparent horizon."
"This paper presents a direct measurement of the decay width of the top quark using events in the lepton+jets final state. The data sample was collected by the ATLAS detector at the LHC in proton–proton collisions at a centre-of-mass energy of 8 TeV and corresponds to an integrated luminosity of 20.2 fb. The decay width of the top quark is measured using a template fit to distributions of kinematic observables associated with the hadronically and semileptonically decaying top quarks. The result, for a top-quark mass of 172.5 GeV, is consistent with the prediction of the Standard Model."
"We investigate the decays , with in a general class of 3-3-1 models with heavy exotic leptons with arbitrary electric charges. We present full and exact analytical results keeping external lepton masses. As a by product, we perform numerical comparisons between exact results and approximate ones where the external lepton masses are neglected. As expected, we found that branching fractions can reach the current experimental limits if mixings and mass differences of the exotic leptons are large enough. We also found unexpectedly that, depending on the parameter values, there can be huge destructive interference between the gauge and Higgs contributions when the gauge bosons connecting the Standard Model leptons to the exotic leptons are light enough. This mechanism should be taken into account when using experimental constraints on the branching fractions to exclude the parameter space of the model."
"We investigate gluon correlation functions and spectral functions at finite temperature in Landau gauge on lattice QCD ensembles with dynamical twisted-mass quarks flavors, generated by the tmfT collaboration. They cover a temperature range from using the fixed-scale approach. Our study of spectral properties is based on a novel Bayesian approach for the extraction of non-positive-definite spectral functions. For each binned spatial momentum we take into account the gluon correlation functions at all available discrete imaginary frequencies. Clear indications for the existence of a well defined quasi-particle peak are obtained. Due to a relatively small number of imaginary frequencies available, we focus on the momentum and temperature dependence of the position of this spectral feature. The corresponding dispersion relation reveals different in-medium masses for longitudinal and transversal gluons at high temperatures, qualitatively consistent with weak coupling expectations."
"The paper deals with the scale discrepancy between the observed vacuum energy in cosmology and the theoretical quantum vacuum energy (cosmological constant problem). Here, we demonstrate that Einstein’s equation and an analogy to particle physics leads to the first physical justification of the so-called fine-tuning problem. This fine-tuning could be automatically satisfied with the variable cosmological term , where &lt;i&gt;a&lt;i/&gt; is the scale factor. As a side effect of our solution of the cosmological constant problem, the dynamical part of the cosmological term generates an attractive force and solves the missing mass problem of dark matter."
"We consider the momentum distribution and the polarization of an inclusive heavy fermion in a process assumed to arise from standard-model (SM) &lt;i&gt;s&lt;i/&gt;-channel exchange of a virtual or &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; with a further contribution from physics beyond the standard model involving &lt;i&gt;s&lt;i/&gt;-channel exchanges. The interference of the new-physics amplitude with the SM or &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; exchange amplitude is expressed entirely in terms of the space-time signature of such new physics. Transverse as well as longitudinal polarizations of the electron and positron beams are taken into account. Similarly, we consider the cases of the polarization of the observed final-state fermion along longitudinal and two transverse spin-quantization axes, which are required for a full reconstruction of the spin dependence of the process. We show how these model-independent distributions can be used to deduce some general properties of the nature of the interaction and some of their properties in prior work which made use of spin–momentum correlations."
"The self-interactions of the conformal mode of the graviton are controlled, in dimensionless gravity theories (agravity), by a coupling that is not asymptotically free. We show that, nevertheless, agravity can be a complete theory valid up to infinite energy. When grows to large values, the conformal mode of the graviton decouples from the rest of the theory and does not hit any Landau pole provided that scalars are asymptotically conformally coupled and all other couplings approach fixed points. Then agravity can flow to conformal gravity at infinite energy. We identify scenarios where the Higgs mass does not receive unnaturally large physical corrections. We also show a useful equivalence between agravity and conformal gravity plus two extra conformally coupled scalars, and we give a simpler form for the renormalization group equations of dimensionless couplings as well as of massive parameters in the presence of the most general matter sector."
"In this paper, we study Joule–Thomson expansion for Kerr–AdS black holes in the extended phase space. A Joule–Thomson expansion formula of Kerr–AdS black holes is derived. We investigate both isenthalpic and numerical inversion curves in the &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;–&lt;i&gt;P&lt;i/&gt; plane and demonstrate the cooling–heating regions for Kerr–AdS black holes. We also calculate the ratio between minimum inversion and critical temperatures for Kerr–AdS black holes."
"We investigate the extension of isotropic interior solutions for static self-gravitating systems to include the effects of anisotropic spherically symmetric gravitational sources by means of the gravitational decoupling realised via the minimal geometric deformation approach. In particular, the matching conditions at the surface of the star with the outer Schwarzschild space-time are studied in great detail, and we describe how to generate, from a single physically acceptable isotropic solution, new families of anisotropic solutions whose physical acceptability is also inherited from their isotropic parent."
"Various studies of Standard Model parameters involve measuring the properties of a coherent admixture of and states. A typical example is the determination of the Unitarity Triangle angle in the decays , . A model-independent approach to perform this measurement is proposed that has superior statistical sensitivity than the well-established method involving binning of the decay phase space. The technique employs Fourier analysis of the complex phase difference between and decay amplitudes and can easily be generalised to other similar measurements, such as studies of charm mixing or determination of the angle from decays."
"We argue that the standard decompositions of the hadron mass overlook pressure effects, and hence should be interpreted with great care. Based on the semiclassical picture, we propose a new decomposition that properly accounts for these pressure effects. Because of Lorentz covariance, we stress that the hadron mass decomposition automatically comes along with a stability constraint, which we discuss for the first time. We show also that if a hadron is seen as made of quarks and gluons, one cannot decompose its mass into more than two contributions without running into trouble with the consistency of the physical interpretation. In particular, the so-called quark mass and trace anomaly contributions appear to be purely conventional. Based on the current phenomenological values, we find that in average quarks exert a repulsive force inside nucleons, balanced exactly by the gluon attractive force."
"In this paper a generalisation of the Catani–Seymour dipole subtraction method to next-to-leading order electroweak calculations is presented. All singularities due to photon and gluon radiation off both massless and massive partons in the presence of both massless and massive spectators are accounted for. Particular attention is paid to the simultaneous subtraction of singularities of both QCD and electroweak origin which are present in the next-to-leading order corrections to processes with more than one perturbative order contributing at Born level. Similarly, embedding non-dipole-like photon splittings in the dipole subtraction scheme discussed. The implementation of the formulated subtraction scheme in the framework of the Sherpa Monte-Carlo event generator, including the restriction of the dipole phase space through the -parameters and expanding its existing subtraction for NLO QCD calculations, is detailed and numerous internal consistency checks validating the obtained results are presented."
"Dimensional analysis reveals general kinematic scaling rules for the momentum, mass, and energy dependence of Drell–Yan and quarkonium cross sections. Their application to mid-rapidity LHC data provides strong experimental evidence supporting the validity of the factorization ansatz, a cornerstone of non-relativistic QCD, still lacking theoretical demonstration. Moreover, data-driven patterns emerge for the factorizable long-distance bound-state formation effects, including a remarkable correlation between the S-wave quarkonium cross sections and their binding energies. Assuming that this scaling can be extended to the P-wave case, we obtain precise predictions for the not yet measured feed-down fractions, thereby providing a complete picture of the charmonium and bottomonium feed-down structure. This is crucial information for quantitative interpretations of quarkonium production data, including studies of the suppression patterns measured in nucleus-nucleus collisions."
"We perform canonical analysis of non-relativistic particle in Newton–Cartan Background. Then we extend this analysis to the case of non-relativistic superparticle in the same background. We determine constraints structure of this theory and find generator of -symmetry."
"Extending previous work on the formation and the evaporation of black holes in conformal gravity, in the present paper we study the gravitational collapse of a spherically symmetric and electrically charged thin shell of radiation. The process creates a singularity-free black hole. Assuming that in the evaporation process the charge &lt;i&gt;Q&lt;i/&gt; is constant, the final product of the evaporation is an extremal remnant with , which is reached in an infinite amount of time. We also discuss the issue of singularity and thermodynamics of black holes in Weyl’s conformal gravity."
"Most general third-order 3&lt;i&gt;d&lt;i/&gt; linear gauge vector field theory is considered. The field equations involve, besides the mass, two dimensionless constant parameters. The theory admits two-parameter series of conserved tensors with the canonical energy-momentum being a particular representative of the series. For a certain range of the model parameters, the series of conserved tensors include bounded quantities. This makes the dynamics classically stable, though the canonical energy is unbounded in all the instances. The free third-order equations are shown to admit constrained multi-Hamiltonian form with the 00-components of conserved tensors playing the roles of corresponding Hamiltonians. The series of Hamiltonians includes the canonical Ostrogradski’s one, which is unbounded. The Hamiltonian formulations with different Hamiltonians are not connected by canonical transformations. This means, the theory admits inequivalent quantizations at the free level. Covariant interactions are included with spinor fields such that the higher-derivative dynamics remains stable at interacting level if the bounded conserved quantity exists in the free theory. In the first-order formalism, the interacting theory remains Hamiltonian and therefore it admits quantization, though the vertices are not necessarily Lagrangian in the third-order field equations."
"We have reviewed the renormalization procedure used in the unitarized coupled-channel model of Romanets et al. (Phys Rev D 85:114032, 2012), and its impact in the , , and sector, where five states have been recently observed by the LHCb Collaboration. The meson-baryon interactions used in the model are consistent with both chiral and heavy-quark spin symmetries, and lead to a successful description of the observed lowest-lying odd parity resonances and , and and resonances. We show that some (probably at least three) of the states observed by LHCb will also have odd parity and or , belonging two of them to the same  HQSS multiplets as the latter charmed and beauty baryons."
"We discuss leptogenesis in a model with heavy right-handed Majorana neutrinos propagating in a constant but otherwise generic &lt;i&gt;CPT&lt;i/&gt;-violating axial time-like background (motivated by string theory). At temperatures much higher than the temperature of the electroweak phase transition, we solve approximately, but analytically (using Padé approximants), the corresponding Boltzmann equations, which describe the generation of lepton asymmetry from the tree-level decays of heavy neutrinos into Standard Model leptons. At such temperatures these leptons are effectively massless. The current work completes in a rigorous way a preliminary treatment of the same system, by some of the present authors. In this earlier work, lepton asymmetry was crudely estimated considering the decay of a right-handed neutrino at rest. Our present analysis includes thermal momentum modes for the heavy neutrino and this leads to a total lepton asymmetry which is bigger by a factor of two as compared to the previous estimate. Nevertheless, our current and preliminary results for the freezeout are found to be in agreement (within a uncertainty). Our analysis depends on a novel use of Padé approximants to solve the Boltzmann equations and may be more widely useful in cosmology."
"A possible dark matter (DM) explanation about the long-standing issue of the Galactic 511 keV line is explored in this paper. For DM cascade annihilations of concern, a DM pair annihilates into unstable , and decays into with new interactions suggested by the Be anomaly. Considering the constraints from the effective neutrino number and the 511 keV gamma-ray emission, a range of DM is obtained, MeV. The typical DM annihilation cross section today is about 3.3 cm s, which can give an explanation about the 511 keV line. The MeV scale DM may be searched by the DM-electron scattering, and the upper limit set by the CMB s-wave annihilation is derived in DM direct detections."
"The South Pole, which hosts the IceCube Neutrino Observatory, has a complete and around-the-clock exposure to the Galactic Center. Hence, it is an ideal location to search for gamma rays of PeV energy coming from the Galactic Center. However, it is hard to detect air showers initiated by these gamma rays using cosmic-ray particle detectors due to the low elevation of the Galactic Center. The use of antennas to measure the radio footprint of these air showers will help in this case, and would allow for a 24/7 operation time. So far, only air showers with energies well above eV have been detected with the radio technique. Thus, the energy threshold has to be lowered for the detection of gamma-ray showers of PeV energy. This can be achieved by optimizing the frequency band in order to obtain a higher level of signal-to-noise ratio. With such an approach, PeV gamma-ray showers with high inclination can be measured at the South Pole."
"A measurement of the mass of the &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; boson is presented based on proton–proton collision data recorded in 2011 at a centre-of-mass energy of 7 TeV with the ATLAS detector at the LHC, and corresponding to of integrated luminosity. The selected data sample consists of candidates in the channel and candidates in the channel. The &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt;-boson mass is obtained from template fits to the reconstructed distributions of the charged lepton transverse momentum and of the &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; boson transverse mass in the electron and muon decay channels, yielding where the first uncertainty is statistical, the second corresponds to the experimental systematic uncertainty, and the third to the physics-modelling systematic uncertainty. A measurement of the mass difference between the and bosons yields  MeV."
"The experimental sensitivity to conversion will improve by four or more orders of magnitude in coming years, making it interesting to consider the “spin-dependent” (SD) contribution to the rate. This process does not benefit from the atomic-number-squared enhancement of the spin-independent (SI) contribution, but probes different operators. We give details of our recent estimate of the spin-dependent rate, expressed as a function of operator coefficients at the experimental scale. Then we explore the prospects for distinguishing coefficients or models by using different targets, both in an EFT perspective, where a geometric representation of different targets as vectors in coefficient space is introduced, and also in three leptoquark models. It is found that comparing the rate on isotopes with and without spin could allow one to detect spin-dependent coefficients that are at least a factor of few larger than the spin-independent ones. Distinguishing among the axial, tensor and pseudoscalar operators that induce the SD rate would require calculating the nuclear matrix elements for the second two. Comparing the SD rate on nuclei with an odd proton vs. odd neutron could allow one to distinguish operators involving &lt;i&gt;u&lt;i/&gt; quarks from those involving &lt;i&gt;d&lt;i/&gt; quarks; this is interesting because the distinction is difficult to make for SI operators."
"We consider a five dimensional AdS spacetime in presence of higher curvature term like in the bulk. In this model, we examine the possibility of modulus stabilization from the scalar degrees of freedom of higher curvature gravity free of ghosts. Our result reveals that the model stabilizes itself and the mechanism of modulus stabilization can be argued from a geometric point of view. We determine the region of the parametric space for which the modulus (or radion) can to be stabilized. We also show how the mass and coupling parameters of radion field are modified due to higher curvature term leading to modifications of its phenomenological implications on the visible 3-brane."
"COSINE is a dark matter search experiment based on an array of low background NaI(Tl) crystals located at the Yangyang underground laboratory. The assembly of COSINE-100 was completed in the summer of 2016 and the detector is currently collecting physics quality data aimed at reproducing the DAMA/LIBRA experiment that reported an annual modulation signal. Stable operation has been achieved and will continue for at least 2 years. Here, we describe the design of COSINE-100, including the shielding arrangement, the configuration of the NaI(Tl) crystal detection elements, the veto systems, and the associated operational systems, and we show the current performance of the experiment."
"In this article, we determine the thermodynamical properties of the anharmonic canonical ensemble within the cosmic-string framework. We use the ordinary statistics and the &lt;i&gt;q&lt;i/&gt;-deformed superstatistics for this study. The &lt;i&gt;q&lt;i/&gt;-deformed superstatistics is derived by modifying the probability density in the original superstatistics. The Schrödinger equation is rewritten in the cosmic-string framework. Next, the anharmonic oscillator is investigated in detail. The wave function and the energy spectrum of the considered system are derived using the bi-confluent Heun functions. In the next step, we first determine the thermodynamical properties for the canonical ensemble of the anharmonic oscillator in the cosmic-string framework using the ordinary statistics approach. Also, these quantities have been obtained in the &lt;i&gt;q&lt;i/&gt;-deformed superstatistics. For vanishing deformation parameter, the ordinary results are obtained."
"In this work we study a dissipative field theory where the dissipation process is manifestly related to dynamical entanglement and put it in the holographic context. Such endeavour is realized by further development of a canonical approach to study quantum dissipation, which consists of doubling the degrees of freedom of the original system by defining an auxiliary one. A time dependent entanglement entropy for the vacumm state is calculated and a geometrical interpretation of the auxiliary system and the entropy is given in the context of the AdS/CFT correspondence using the Ryu–Takayanagi formula. We show that the dissipative dynamics is controlled by the entanglement entropy and there are two distinct stages: in the early times the holographic interpretation requires some deviation from classical General Relativity; in the later times the quantum system is described as a wormhole, a solution of the Einstein’s equations near to a maximally extended black hole with two asymptotically AdS boundaries. We focus our holographic analysis in this regime, and suggest a mechanism similar to teleportation protocol to exchange (quantum) information between the two CFTs on the boundaries (see Maldacena et al. in Fortschr Phys 65(5):1700034, arXiv:1704.05333 [hep-th], 2017)."
"We examine the dark matter phenomenology of a composite electroweak singlet state. This singlet belongs to the Goldstone sector of a well-motivated extension of the Littlest Higgs with &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;-parity. A viable parameter space, consistent with the observed dark matter relic abundance as well as with the various collider, electroweak precision and dark matter direct detection experimental constraints is found for this scenario. &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;-parity implies a rich LHC phenomenology, which forms an interesting interplay between conventional natural SUSY type of signals involving third generation quarks and missing energy, from stop-like particle production and decay, and composite Higgs type of signals involving third generation quarks associated with Higgs and electroweak gauge boson, from vector-like top-partners production and decay. The composite features of the dark matter phenomenology allows the composite singlet to produce the correct relic abundance while interacting weakly with the Higgs via the usual Higgs portal coupling , thus evading direct detection."
"In this paper we investigate the phenomenology of the U(1) gauge symmetry for right-handed fermions, where three right-handed neutrinos are introduced for anomalies cancellations. Constraints on the new gauge boson from mixing as well as the upper bound of production cross section in di-lepton channel at the LHC are presented. We further study the neutrino mass and the phenomenology of -portal dark matter in this model. The lightest right-handed neutrino can be the cold dark matter candidate stabilized by a flavor symmetry. Our study shows that active neutrino masses can be generated via the modified type-II seesaw mechanism; right-handed neutrino is available dark matter candidate for its mass being very heavy, or for its mass at near the resonant regime of the SM Higgs and(or) the new bosons; constraint from the dilepton search at the LHC is stronger than that from the mixing only for , where is the new gauge coupling."
"A search is performed for new phenomena in events having a photon with high transverse momentum and a jet collected in of proton–proton collisions at a centre-of-mass energy of = 13 TeV recorded with the ATLAS detector at the Large Hadron Collider. The invariant mass distribution of the leading photon and jet is examined to look for the resonant production of new particles or the presence of new high-mass states beyond the Standard Model. No significant deviation from the background-only hypothesis is observed and cross-section limits for generic Gaussian-shaped resonances are extracted. Excited quarks hypothesized in quark compositeness models and high-mass states predicted in quantum black hole models with extra dimensions are also examined in the analysis. The observed data exclude, at 95% confidence level, the mass range below 5.3 TeV for excited quarks and 7.1 TeV (4.4 TeV) for quantum black holes in the Arkani-Hamed–Dimopoulos–Dvali (Randall–Sundrum) model with six (one) extra dimensions."
"The spacetime solution for a black hole, surrounded by an exotic matter field, in Rastall gravity, is calculated in an arbitrary d-dimensional spacetime. After this, we calculate the scalar quasinormal modes of such solution, and study the shift on the modes caused by the modification of the theory of gravity, i.e., by the introduction of a new term due to Rastall. We conclude that the shift strongly depends on the kind of exotic field one is studying, but for a low density matter that supposedly pervades the universe, it is unlikely that Rastall gravity will cause an instability for the probe field."
"A &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt;-dimensional gravitational model with a Gauss–Bonnet term and the cosmological term is studied. We assume the metrics to be diagonal cosmological ones. For certain fine-tuned , we find a class of solutions with exponential time dependence of two scale factors, governed by two Hubble-like parameters and &lt;i&gt;h&lt;i/&gt;, corresponding to factor spaces of dimensions 3 and , respectively and . The fine-tuned depends upon the ratio , &lt;i&gt;l&lt;i/&gt; and the ratio of two constants ( and ) of the model. For fixed and the equation is equivalent to a polynomial equation of either fourth or third order and may be solved in radicals (the example is presented). For certain restrictions on &lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt; we prove the stability of the solutions in a class of cosmological solutions with diagonal metrics. A subclass of solutions with small enough variation of the effective gravitational constant &lt;i&gt;G&lt;i/&gt; is considered. It is shown that all solutions from this subclass are stable."
"We present an extension to the colour reconnection model in the Monte Carlo event generator Herwig to account for the production of baryons and compare it to a series of observables for soft physics. The new model is able to improve the description of charged-particle multiplicities and hadron flavour observables in pp collisions."
"In Ref. (GAMBIT Collaboration: Athron et. al., Eur. Phys. J. C. arXiv:1705.07908, 2017) we introduced the global-fitting framework GAMBIT. In this addendum, we describe a new minor version increment of this package. GAMBIT 1.1 includes full support for Mathematica backends, which we describe in some detail here. As an example, we backend SUSYHD  (Vega and Villadoro, JHEP 07:159, 2015), which calculates the mass of the Higgs boson in the MSSM from effective field theory. We also describe updated likelihoods in PrecisionBit and DarkBit, and updated decay data included in DecayBit."
"We present a 4-dimensional back reaction analysis of de Sitter space for a conformally coupled scalar field in the presence of vacuum energy initialized in the Bunch–Davies vacuum. In contrast to the usual semi-classical prescription, as the source term in the Friedmann equations we use expectation values where the unobservable information hidden by the cosmological event horizon has been neglected i.e. coarse grained over. It is shown that in this approach the energy-momentum is precisely thermal with constant temperature despite the dilution from the expansion of space due to a flux of energy radiated from the horizon. This leads to a self-consistent solution for the Hubble rate, which is gradually evolving and at late times deviates significantly from de Sitter. Our results hence imply de Sitter space to be unstable in this prescription. The solution also suggests dynamical vacuum energy: the continuous flux of energy is balanced by the generation of negative vacuum energy, which accumulatively decreases the overall contribution. Finally, we show that our results admit a thermodynamic interpretation which provides a simple alternate derivation of the mechanism. For very long times the solutions coincide with flat space."
"We present a first-principle computation of the mass distribution of jets which have undergone the grooming procedure known as Soft Drop. This calculation includes the resummation of the large logarithms of the jet mass over its transverse momentum, up to next-to-logarithmic accuracy, matched to exact fixed-order results at next-to-leading order. We also include non-perturbative corrections obtained from Monte-Carlo simulations and discuss analytic expressions for hadronisation and Underlying Event effects."
"The relative geodesic motion in static (and spherically symmetric) local charts on the -dimensional de Sitter spacetimes is studied in terms of conserved quantities. The Lorentzian isometries are derived, relating the coordinates of the local chart of a fixed observer with the coordinates of a mobile chart considered as the rest frame of a massive particle freely moving on a timelike geodesic. The time dilation and Lorentz contraction are discussed pointing out some notable features of the de Sitter relativity in static charts."
"In this work, we study the and invariant mass spectra of the &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4260) decay to find out the origin of the and structures. The interaction is studied in a coupled-channel quasipotential Bethe–Saltpeter equation approach, and embedded to the &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4260) decay process to reproduce both and invariant mass spectra observed at BESIII simultaneously. It is found out that a virtual state at energy about 3870 MeV is produced from the interaction when both invariant mass spectra are comparable with the experiment. The results support that both and have the same origin, that is, a virtual state from interaction, in which the interaction is more important and the coupling between and channels plays a minor role."
"We study the relativistic quantum dynamics of a DKP oscillator field subject to a linear interaction in cosmic string space-time in order to better understand the effects of gravitational fields produced by topological defects on the scalar field. We obtain the solution of DKP oscillator in the cosmic string background. Also, we solve it with an ansatz in the presence of a linear interaction. We obtain the wave functions and the energy levels of the relativistic field in that background."
"A high statistics data sample of the decay was accumulated by the OKA experiment in 2012. The missing mass analysis was performed to search for the decay channel with a hypothetic stable heavy neutrino in the final state. The obtained missing mass spectrum does not show peaks that could be attributed to existence of stable heavy neutrinos in the mass range  MeV. As a result, upper limits on the branching ratio and on the value of the mixing element are obtained."
"In this article, we study the shadow produced by rotating black holes having a tidal charge in a Randall–Sundrum braneworld model, with a cosmological constant. We obtain the apparent shape and the corresponding observables for different values of the tidal charge and the rotation parameter, and we analyze the influence of the presence of the cosmological constant. We also discuss the observational prospects for this optical effect."
"Lovelock gravity consisting of the dimensionally continued Euler densities is a natural generalization of general relativity to higher dimensions such that equations of motion are still second order, and the theory is free of ghosts. A scalar field with a positive potential that yields an accelerating universe has been termed quintessence. We present exact black hole solutions in &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt;-dimensional Lovelock gravity surrounded by quintessence matter and also perform a detailed thermodynamical study. Further, we find that the mass, entropy and temperature of the black hole are corrected due to the quintessence background. In particular, we find that a phase transition occurs with a divergence of the heat capacity at the critical horizon radius, and that specific heat becomes positive for allowing the black hole to become thermodynamically stable."
"We present a comprehensive analysis and extraction of the unpolarized transverse momentum dependent (TMD) parton distribution functions, which are fundamental constituents of the TMD factorization theorem. We provide a general review of the theory of TMD distributions, and present a new scheme of scale fixation. This scheme, called the -prescription, allows to minimize the impact of perturbative logarithms in a large range of scales and does not generate undesired power corrections. Within -prescription we consistently include the perturbatively calculable parts up to next-to-next-to-leading order (NNLO), and perform the global fit of the Drell–Yan and Z-boson production, which include the data of E288, Tevatron and LHC experiments. The non-perturbative part of the TMDs are explored checking a variety of models. We support the obtained results by a study of theoretical uncertainties, perturbative convergence, and a dedicated study of the range of applicability of the TMD factorization theorem. The considered non-perturbative models present significant differences in the fitting behavior, which allow us to clearly disfavor most of them. The numerical evaluations are provided by the arTeMiDe code, which is introduced in this work and that can be used for current/future TMD phenomenology."
"We consider a simple extension of the Standard Model that can account for the dark matter and explain the existence of neutrino masses. The model includes a vector-like doublet of SU(2), a singlet fermion, and two scalar singlets, all of them odd under a new Z symmetry. Neutrino masses are generated radiatively by one-loop processes involving the new fields, while the dark matter candidate is the lightest neutral particle among them. We focus specifically on the case where the dark matter particle is one of the scalars and its relic density is determined by its Yukawa interactions. The phenomenology of this setup, including neutrino masses, dark matter and lepton flavor violation, is analyzed in some detail. We find that the dark matter mass must be below 600 GeV to satisfy the relic density constraint. Lepton flavor violating processes are shown to provide the most promising way to test this scenario. Future and –&lt;i&gt;e&lt;i/&gt; conversion experiments, in particular, have the potential to probe the entire viable parameter space of this model."
"Interference and mixing effects between neutral Higgs bosons in the MSSM with complex parameters are shown to have a significant impact on the interpretation of LHC searches for additional Higgs bosons. Complex MSSM parameters introduce mixing between the -even and -odd Higgs states &lt;i&gt;h&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;H&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;A&lt;i/&gt; into the mass eigenstates and generate -violating interference terms. Both effects are enhanced in the case of almost degenerate states. Employing as an example an extension of a frequently used benchmark scenario by a non-zero phase , the interference contributions are obtained for the production of neutral Higgs bosons in gluon-fusion and in association with &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-quarks followed by the decay into a pair of -leptons. While the resonant mixing increases the individual cross sections for the two heavy Higgs bosons and , strongly destructive interference effects between the contributions involving and leave a considerable parameter region unexcluded that would appear to be ruled out if the interference effects were neglected."
"We calculate the total galactic Shapiro delay to the Crab pulsar by including the contributions from the dark matter as well as baryonic matter along the line of sight. The total delay due to dark matter potential is about 3.4 days. For baryonic matter, we included the contributions from both the bulge and the disk, which are approximately 0.12 and 0.32 days respectively. The total delay from all the matter distribution is therefore 3.84 days. We also calculate the limit on violations of Weak equivalence principle by using observations of “nano-shot” giant pulses from the Crab pulsar with time-delay  ns, as well as using time differences between radio and optical photons observed from this pulsar. Using the former, we obtain a limit on violation of Weak equivalence principle in terms of the PPN parameter . From the time-difference between simultaneous optical and radio observations, we get . We also point out differences in our calculation of Shapiro delay and that from two recent papers (Yang and Zhang, Phys Rev D 94(10):101501, 2016; Zhang and Gong, Astrophys J 837:134, 2017), which used the same observations to obtain a corresponding limit on ."
"In the present paper the possibility of eternal universes in Gauss-Bonnet theories of gravity in four dimensions is analysed. It is shown that, for zero spatial curvature and zero cosmological constant, if the coupling is such that , then there are solutions that are eternal. Similar conclusions are found when a cosmological constant turned on. These conclusions are not generalized for the case when the spatial curvature is present, but we are able to find some general results about the possible nature of the singularities. The presented results correct some dubious arguments in Santillan (JCAP 7:008, 2017), although the same conclusions are reached. On the other hand, these past results are considerably generalized to a wide class of situations which were not considered in Santillan (JCAP 7:008, 2017)."
"Direct measurements of Hubble parameters &lt;i&gt;H&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;) are very useful for cosmological model parameters inference. Based on them, Sahni, Shafieloo and Starobinski introduced a two-point diagnostic as an interesting tool for testing the validity of the model. Applying this test they found a tension between observations and predictions of the model. We use the most comprehensive compilation &lt;i&gt;H&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;) data from baryon acoustic oscillations (BAO) and differential ages (DA) of passively evolving galaxies to study cosmological models using the Hubble parameters itself and to distinguish whether model is consistent with the observational data with statistical analysis of the corresponding two-point diagnostics. Our results show that presently available &lt;i&gt;H&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;) data significantly improve the constraints on cosmological parameters. The corresponding statistical two-point diagnostics seems to prefer the quintessence with over the model. Better and more accurate prior knowledge of the Hubble constant, will considerably improve the performance of the statistical method."
"We discuss the leptonic flavor structure generated by a brane shifted extra dimensional seesaw model with a single right handed neutrino in the bulk. In contrast to previous works, no unitarity approximation for the submatrix has been employed. This allows to study phenomenological signatures such as lepton flavor violating decays. A strong prediction of the model, assuming CP conservation, are the ratios of flavor violating charged lepton decay and Z decay branching ratios which are correlated with the neutrino mixing angles and the neutrino mass hierarchy. Furthermore, it is possible to obtain branching ratios for close to the experimental bounds even with Yukawa couplings of order one."
"There are valuable arguments to perform neutrinoless double beta () decay experiments with several nuclei: the uncertainty of nuclear-matrix-element calculations; the possibility to test these calculations by using the ratio of the measured lifetimes; the unpredictability of possible breakthroughs in the detection technique; the difficulty to foresee background in decay searches; the limited amount of isotopically enriched materials. We propose therefore approaches to estimate the Majorana neutrino mass by combining experimental data collected with different decay candidates. In particular, we apply our methods to a next-generation experiment based on scintillating and Cherenkov-radiation bolometers. Current results indicate that this technology can effectively study up to four different isotopes simultaneously (Se, Mo, Cd and Te), embedded in detectors which share the same concepts and environment. We show that the combined information on the Majorana neutrino mass extracted from a multi-candidate bolometric experiment is competitive with that achievable with a single isotope, once that the cryogenic experimental volume is fixed. The remarkable conceptual and technical advantages of a multi-isotope investigation are discussed. This approach can be naturally applied to the proposed CUPID project, follow-up of the CUORE experiment that is currently taking data in the Gran Sasso underground laboratory."
"The minimal geometric deformation (MGD), associated with the 4D Schwarzschild solution of the Einstein equations, is shown to be a solution of the pure 4D Ricci quadratic gravity theory, whose linear perturbations are then implemented by the Gregory–Laflamme eigentensors of the Lichnerowicz operator. The stability of MGD black strings is hence studied, through the correspondence between their Lichnerowicz eigenmodes and the ones associated with the 4D MGD solutions. It is shown that there exists a critical mass driving the MGD black strings stability, above which the MGD black string is precluded from any Gregory–Laflamme instability. The general-relativistic limit shows the MGD black string to be unstable, as expected, corresponding to the standard Gregory–Laflamme black string instability."
"Assuming the existence of a new real scalar singlet coupled to the Standard Model via a scalar quartic portal interaction, we compute the radiative corrections to the decay rates of the heavy scalar mass eigenstate to a couple of gauge bosons &lt;i&gt;ZZ&lt;i/&gt; and , showing that they can give a contribution as large as (5%) and (7%), respectively. We also explicitly analyze in detail their dependence on the heavy mass and on the scalar mixing angle , finding that, especially in the large-mass region, these depend on the sign and the assumed value of ."
"In this paper, we give the general expressions for a special series of tree amplitudes of the Yang–Mills theory. This series of amplitudes have two adjacent massless spin-1 particles with extra-dimensional momenta and any number of positive helicity gluons. With special helicity choices, we use the spinor helicity formalism to express these &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt;-point amplitudes in compact forms, and find a clever way to use the BCFW recursion relations to prove the results. Then these amplitudes are used to form the complete 1-loop all-plus integrand with any number of gluons, expressed in the -cut representation."
"A global analysis of ATLAS and CMS measurements reveals that, at mid-rapidity, the directly-produced , and J/ mesons have differential cross sections of seemingly identical shapes, when presented as a function of the mass-rescaled transverse momentum, . This identity of kinematic behaviours among S- and P-wave quarkonia is certainly not a natural expectation of non-relativistic QCD (NRQCD), where each quarkonium state is supposed to reflect a specific family of elementary production processes, of significantly different -differential cross sections. Remarkably, accurate kinematic cancellations among the various NRQCD terms (colour singlets and octets) of its factorization expansion can lead to a surprisingly good description of the data. This peculiar tuning of the NRQCD mixtures leads to a clear prediction regarding the and polarizations, the only observables not yet measured: they should be almost maximally different from one another, and from the J/ polarization, a striking exception in the global panorama of quarkonium production. Measurements of the difference between the , and J/ polarizations, complementing the observed identity of momentum dependences, represent a decisive probe of NRQCD."
"Using Rindler method we derive the logarithmic correction to the entanglement entropy of a two dimensional BMS-invariant field theory (BMSFT). In particular, we present a general formula for extraction of the logarithmic corrections to both the thermal and the entanglement entropies. We also present a CFT formula related to the logarithmic correction of the BTZ inner horizon entropy which results in our formula after taking appropriate limit."
"The chameleon scalar field is a matter-coupled dark energy candidate with the screening mechanisms. In the present paper,we propose a quantum cavity optomechanical scheme to detect the possible signature of chameleons via the optical pump-probe spectroscopy. Compare to the previous experiment the sensitivity can be improved by the using of electrostatic shield and a pump-probe scheme to read the weak frequency splitting. We expect that this work will be a useful addition to the current literature on proposals to detect effects of dark energy."
"We point out that, given the current experimental status of radiative kaon decays, a subclass of the counterterms of the weak chiral lagrangian can be determined in closed form. This involves in a decisive way the decay , currently being measured at CERN by the NA48/2 and NA62 collaborations. We show that consistency with other radiative kaon decay measurements leads to a rather clean prediction for the weak couplings entering this decay mode. This results in a characteristic pattern for the interference Dalitz plot, susceptible to be tested already with the limited statistics available at NA48/2. We also provide the first analysis of , which will be measured by LHCb and will help reduce (together with the related decay) the experimental uncertainty on the radiative weak chiral couplings. A precise experimental determination of the weak couplings is important in order to assess the validity of the existing theoretical models in a conclusive way. We briefly comment on the current theoretical situation and discuss the merits of the different theoretical approaches."
"The decays are a valuable source of information on low energy QCD. Yet they were not used for an extraction of the three flavor chiral symmetry breaking order parameters until now. We use a Bayesian approach in the framework of resummed chiral perturbation theory to obtain constraints on the quark condensate and pseudoscalar decay constant in the chiral limit. We compare our results with recent CHPT and lattice QCD fits and find some tension, as the data seem to prefer a larger ratio of the chiral order parameters. The results also disfavor a very large value of the pseudoscalar decay constant in the chiral limit, which was found by some recent work. In addition, we present results of a combined analysis including decays and scattering and though the picture does not changed appreciably, we find some tension between the data we use. We also try to extract information on the mass difference of the light quarks, but the uncertainties prove to be large."
"An invariant differential cross section measurement of inclusive and meson production at mid-rapidity in pp collisions at  TeV was carried out by the ALICE experiment at the LHC. The spectra of and mesons were measured in transverse momentum ranges of   and  , respectively. Next-to-leading order perturbative QCD calculations using fragmentation functions DSS14 for the and AESSS for the overestimate the cross sections of both neutral mesons, although such calculations agree with the measured ratio within uncertainties. The results were also compared with PYTHIA 8.2 predictions for which the Monash 2013 tune yields the best agreement with the measured neutral meson spectra. The measurements confirm a universal behavior of the ratio seen for NA27, PHENIX and ALICE data for pp collisions from  GeV to  TeV within experimental uncertainties. A relation between the and production cross sections for pp collisions at  TeV is given by scaling for  . However, a deviation from this empirical scaling rule is observed for transverse momenta below   in the ratio with a significance of ."
"By means of the Lie algebra expansion method, the centrally extended conformal algebra in two dimensions and the algebra are obtained from the Virasoro algebra. We extend this result to construct new families of expanded Virasoro algebras that turn out to be infinite-dimensional lifts of the so-called , and algebras recently introduced in the literature in the context of (super)gravity. We also show how some of these new infinite-dimensional symmetries can be obtained from expanded Kač–Moody algebras using modified Sugawara constructions. Applications in the context of three-dimensional gravity are briefly discussed."
"We study the motion of current carrying charged string loops in the Reissner–Nordström black hole background combining the gravitational and electromagnetic field. Introducing new electromagnetic interaction between central charge and charged string loop makes the string loop equations of motion to be non-integrable even in the flat spacetime limit, but it can be governed by an effective potential even in the black hole background. We classify different types of the string loop trajectories using effective potential approach, and we compare the innermost stable string loop positions with loci of the charged particle innermost stable orbits. We examine string loop small oscillations around minima of the string loop effective potential, and we plot radial profiles of the string loop oscillation frequencies for both the radial and vertical modes. We construct charged string loop quasi-periodic oscillations model and we compare it with observed data from microquasars GRO 1655-40, XTE 1550-564, and GRS 1915+105. We also study the acceleration of current carrying string loops along the vertical axis and the string loop ejection from RN black hole neighbourhood, taking also into account the electromagnetic interaction."
"The current acceleration of the Universe is one of the most puzzling issues in theoretical physics nowadays. We are far from giving an answer in this letter to the question of its nature. Yet, with the observations we have at hand, we analyse the different patterns that the gravitational potential can show in the future. Surprisingly, gravity not only can get weaker in the near future, it can even become repulsive; or equivalently, the gravitational potential may become negative. We show this remark by using one of the simplest phenomenological model we can imagine for dark energy. We have also reviewed the statefinder approach of these models. For completeness, we have also showed the behaviour of the density contrast of dark matter and dark energy for these simple (yet illustrative models). Our results are displayed and we see how they shall evolve in the future."
"We study the width of a two-body resonance in a coupled-channel system. We demonstrate how the width does not come only determined by the available phase space for its decay to the detection channel, but it greatly depends on the relative position of the mass of the resonance with respect to the masses of the coupled-channels generating the state. Our results are consistent with the experimental observation of narrow hadrons lying well above their lowest decay threshold."
"Strong gravitational lenses provide source/lens distance ratios useful in cosmological tests. Previously, a catalog of 69 such systems was used in a one-on-one comparison between the standard model, CDM, and the universe, which has thus far been favored by the application of model selection tools to many other kinds of data. But in that work, the use of model parametric fits to the observations could not easily distinguish between these two cosmologies, in part due to the limited measurement precision. Here, we instead use recently developed methods based on Gaussian Processes (GP), in which may be reconstructed directly from the data without assuming any parametric form. This approach not only smooths out the reconstructed function representing the data, but also reduces the size of the confidence regions, thereby providing greater power to discern between different models. With the current sample size, we show that analyzing strong lenses with a GP approach can definitely improve the model comparisons, producing probability differences in the range 10–30%. These results are still marginal, however, given the relatively small sample. Nonetheless, we conclude that the probability of being the correct cosmology is somewhat higher than that of CDM, with a degree of significance that grows with the number of sources in the subsamples we consider. Future surveys will significantly grow the catalog of strong lenses and will therefore benefit considerably from the GP method we describe here. In addition, we point out that if the universe is eventually shown to be the correct cosmology, the lack of free parameters in the study of strong lenses should provide a remarkably powerful tool for uncovering the mass structure in lensing galaxies."
"We give good approximate analytic solutions for spherical charged boson stars in the large scalar-self-coupling limit in general relativity. We show that if the charge &lt;i&gt;e&lt;i/&gt; and mass &lt;i&gt;m&lt;i/&gt; of the scalar field nearly satisfy the critical relation (where &lt;i&gt;G&lt;i/&gt; is the Newton constant), our analytic expressions for stable solutions agree well with the numerical solutions."
"We use MasterCode to perform a frequentist analysis of the constraints on a phenomenological MSSM model with 11 parameters, the pMSSM11, including constraints from /fb of LHC data at 13 TeV and PICO, XENON1T and PandaX-II searches for dark matter scattering, as well as previous accelerator and astrophysical measurements, presenting fits both with and without the constraint. The pMSSM11 is specified by the following parameters: 3 gaugino masses , a common mass for the first-and second-generation squarks and a distinct third-generation squark mass , a common mass for the first-and second-generation sleptons and a distinct third-generation slepton mass , a common trilinear mixing parameter &lt;i&gt;A&lt;i/&gt;, the Higgs mixing parameter , the pseudoscalar Higgs mass and . In the fit including , a Bino-like is preferred, whereas a Higgsino-like is mildly favoured when the constraint is dropped. We identify the mechanisms that operate in different regions of the pMSSM11 parameter space to bring the relic density of the lightest neutralino, , into the range indicated by cosmological data. In the fit including , coannihilations with and the Wino-like or with nearly-degenerate first- and second-generation sleptons are active, whereas coannihilations with the and the Higgsino-like or with first- and second-generation squarks may be important when the constraint is dropped. In the two cases, we present functions in two-dimensional mass planes as well as their one-dimensional profile projections and best-fit spectra. Prospects remain for discovering strongly-interacting sparticles at the LHC, in both the scenarios with and without the constraint, as well as for discovering electroweakly-interacting sparticles at a future linear collider such as the ILC or CLIC."
"In this study, we investigate the impact of the magnetic field on the evolution of the transverse flow of QGP matter in the magneto-hydrodynamic (MHD) framework. We assume that the magnetic field is perpendicular to the reaction plane and then we solve the coupled Maxwell and conservation equations in (1+1D) transverse flow, within the Bjorken scenario. We consider a QGP with infinite electrical conductivity. First, the magnetic effects on the QGP medium at mid-rapidity are investigated at leading order; then the time and space dependence of the energy density, velocity and magnetic field in the transverse plane of the ideal magnetized hot plasma are obtained."
"Recently chiral anomalous currents have been investigated by Boyarsky et al. and Brandenburg et al. with respect to applications to the early universe. In this paper we show that these magnetic field anomalies, which can give rise to dynamo magnetic field amplification can also be linked to spacetime torsion through the use of a chemical potential and Maxwell electrodynamics with torsion firstly proposed by de Sabbata and Gasperini. When the axial torsion is constant this electrodynamics acquires the form of a Maxwell–Chern–Simmons (MCS) equations where the chiral current appears naturally and the zero component of torsion plays the role of a chemical potential, while the other components play the role of anisotropic conductivity. The chiral dynamo equation in torsionful spacetime is derived here from MSC electrodynamics. Here we have used a recently derived a torsion LV bound of GeV and the constraint that this chiral magnetic field is a seed for galactic dynamo. This estimate is weaker than the one obtained from the chiral battery seed of G without making use of Cartan torsion. The torsion obtained here was derived at 500 pc coherence scale. When a chiral MF is forced to seed a galactic dynamo one obtains a yet weaker MF, of the order of G, which is the value of a MF at nucleosynthesis. By the use of chiral dynamo equations from parity-violating torsion one obtains a seed field of G, which is a much stronger MF closer to the one obtained by making use of chiral batteries. Chiral vortical currents in non-Riemannian spacetimes derived in Riemannian spaces previously by Flaschi and Fukushima are extended to include minimal coupling with torsion. The present universe yields G, still sufficient to seed galactic dynamos."
"We derive upper and lower limits for the mass–radius ratio of spin-fluid spheres in Einstein–Cartan theory, with matter satisfying a linear barotropic equation of state, and in the presence of a cosmological constant. Adopting a spherically symmetric interior geometry, we obtain the generalized continuity and Tolman–Oppenheimer–Volkoff equations for a Weyssenhoff spin fluid in hydrostatic equilibrium, expressed in terms of the effective mass, density and pressure, all of which contain additional contributions from the spin. The generalized Buchdahl inequality, which remains valid at any point in the interior, is obtained, and general theoretical limits for the maximum and minimum mass–radius ratios are derived. As an application of our results we obtain gravitational red shift bounds for compact spin-fluid objects, which may (in principle) be used for observational tests of Einstein–Cartan theory in an astrophysical context. We also briefly consider applications of the torsion-induced minimum mass to the spin-generalized strong gravity model for baryons/mesons, and show that the existence of quantum spin imposes a lower bound for spinning particles, which almost exactly reproduces the electron mass."
"We report the first observation of the charmed-strange baryon with a significance greater than 5. The is found in its decay to in decays. The measured mass and width are  MeV/ and  MeV, respectively, and the product branching fraction is . We also measure with improved precision, and search for the charmonium-like state &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4660) and its spin partner, , in the invariant mass spectrum. No clear signals of the &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4660) nor its spin partner are observed and the 90% credibility level (C.L.) upper limits on their production rates are determined. These measurements are obtained from a sample of pairs collected at the resonance by the Belle detector at the KEKB asymmetric energy electron–positron collider."
"We present a detailed version of our recent work on the RG approach to multicritical scalar theories with higher derivative kinetic term and upper critical dimension . Depending on whether the numbers &lt;i&gt;k&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt; have a common divisor two classes of theories have been distinguished. For coprime &lt;i&gt;k&lt;i/&gt; and the theory admits a Wilson-Fisher type fixed point. We derive in this case the RG equations of the potential and compute the scaling dimensions and some OPE coefficients, mostly at leading order in . While giving new results, the critical data we provide are compared, when possible, and accord with a recent alternative approach using the analytic structure of conformal blocks. Instead when &lt;i&gt;k&lt;i/&gt; and have a common divisor we unveil a novel interacting structure at criticality. theories with odd &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt;, which fall in this class, are analyzed in detail. Using the RG flows it is shown that a derivative interaction is unavoidable at the critical point. In particular there is an infrared fixed point with a pure derivative interaction at which we compute the scaling dimensions and, for the particular example of theory in , also some OPE coefficients."
"A search for massive coloured resonances which are pair-produced and decay into two jets is presented. The analysis uses 36.7 fb of = 13 TeV &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collision data recorded by the ATLAS experiment at the LHC in 2015 and 2016. No significant deviation from the background prediction is observed. Results are interpreted in a SUSY simplified model where the lightest supersymmetric particle is the top squark, , which decays promptly into two quarks through &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;-parity-violating couplings. Top squarks with masses in the range   are excluded at 95% confidence level. If the decay is into a &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-quark and a light quark, a dedicated selection requiring two &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-tags is used to exclude masses in the ranges   and  . Additional limits are set on the pair-production of massive colour-octet resonances."
"In the framework of polynomial Palatini cosmology, we investigate a simple cosmological homogeneous and isotropic model with matter in the Einstein frame. We show that in this model during cosmic evolution, early inflation appears and the accelerating phase of the expansion for the late times. In this frame we obtain the Friedmann equation with matter and dark energy in the form of a scalar field with a potential whose form is determined in a covariant way by the Ricci scalar of the FRW metric. The energy density of matter and dark energy are also parameterized through the Ricci scalar. Early inflation is obtained only for an infinitesimally small fraction of energy density of matter. Between the matter and dark energy, there exists an interaction because the dark energy is decaying. For the characterization of inflation we calculate the slow roll parameters and the constant roll parameter in terms of the Ricci scalar. We have found a characteristic behavior of the time dependence of density of dark energy on the cosmic time following the logistic-like curve which interpolates two almost constant value phases. From the required numbers of &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt;-folds we have found a bound on the model parameter."
"We investigate the impact of the high precision ATLAS and CMS 7 TeV measurements of inclusive jet production on the MMHT global PDF analysis at next-to-next-to-leading order (NNLO). This is made possible by the recent completion of the long-term project to calculate the NNLO corrections to the hard cross section. We find that a good description of the ATLAS data is not possible with the default treatment of experimental systematic errors, and propose a simplified solution that retains the dominant physical information of the data. We then investigate the fit quality and the impact on the gluon PDF central value and uncertainty when the ATLAS and CMS data are included in a MMHT fit. We consider both common choices for the factorization and renormalization scale, namely the inclusive jet transverse momentum, , and the leading jet , as well as the different jet radii for which the ATLAS and CMS data are made available. We find that the impact of these data on the gluon is relatively insensitive to these inputs, in particular the scale choice, while the inclusion of NNLO corrections tends to improve the data description somewhat and has a qualitatively similar though not identical impact on the gluon in comparison to NLO."
"Alternative theories of gravity not only modify the polarization contents of the gravitational wave, but also affect the motions of the stars and the energy radiated away via the gravitational radiation. These aspects leave imprints in the observational data, which enables the test of general relativity and its alternatives. In this work, the Nordtvedt effect and the Shapiro time delay are calculated in order to constrain Horndeski theory using the observations of lunar laser ranging experiments and Cassini time-delay data. The effective stress-energy tensor is also obtained using the method of Isaacson. Gravitational wave radiation of a binary system is calculated, and the change of the period of a binary system is deduced for the elliptical orbit. These results can be used to set constraints on Horndeski theory with the observations of binary systems, such as PSR J1738 + 0333. Constraints have been obtained for some subclasses of Horndeski theory, in particular, those satisfying the gravitational wave speed limits from GW170817 and GRB 170817A."
"In the present work we study the scale-dependence of polytropic non-charged black holes in (3+1)-dimensional space-times assuming a cosmological constant. We allow for scale-dependence of the gravitational and cosmological couplings, and we solve the corresponding generalized field equations imposing the null energy condition. Besides, some properties, such as horizon structure and thermodynamics, are discussed in detail."
"The reconstruction of a warm inflationary universe model from the scalar spectral index and the tensor to scalar ratio &lt;i&gt;r&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt;) as a function of the number of e-folds &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt; is studied. Under a general formalism we find the effective potential and the dissipative coefficient in terms of the cosmological parameters and &lt;i&gt;r&lt;i/&gt; considering the weak and strong dissipative stages under the slow roll approximation. As a specific example, we study the attractors for the index given by and for the ratio , in order to reconstruct the model of warm inflation. Here, expressions for the effective potential and the dissipation coefficient are obtained."
"We present an algorithm to combine multiple matrix elements at LO and NLO with a parton shower. We build on the unitarized merging paradigm. The inclusion of higher orders and multiplicities reduce the scale uncertainties for observables sensitive to hard emissions, while preserving the features of inclusive quantities. The combination allows further soft and collinear emissions to be predicted by the all-order parton-shower approximation. We inspect the impact of terms that are formally but not parametrically negligible. We present results for a number of collider observables where multiple jets are observed, either on their own or in the presence of additional uncoloured particles. The algorithm is implemented in the event generator Herwig."
"As a deformed matter bounce scenario with a dark energy component, we propose a deformed one with running vacuum model (RVM) in which the dark energy density is written as a power series of and with a constant equation of state parameter, same as the cosmological constant, . Our results in analytical and numerical point of views show that in some cases same as CDM bounce scenario, although the spectral index may achieve a good consistency with observations, a positive value of running of spectral index () is obtained which is not compatible with inflationary paradigm where it predicts a small negative value for . However, by extending the power series up to , , and estimating a set of consistent parameters, we obtain the spectral index , a small negative value of running and tensor to scalar ratio &lt;i&gt;r&lt;i/&gt;, which these reveal a degeneracy between deformed matter bounce scenario with RVM-DE and inflationary cosmology."
"Events with no charged particles produced between the two leading jets are studied in proton-proton collisions at . The jets were required to have transverse momentum and pseudorapidity , and to have values of with opposite signs. The data used for this study were collected with the CMS detector during low-luminosity running at the LHC, and correspond to an integrated luminosity of 8. Events with no charged particles with in the interval between the jets are observed in excess of calculations that assume no color-singlet exchange. The fraction of events with such a rapidity gap, amounting to 0.5–1% of the selected dijet sample, is measured as a function of the of the second-leading jet and of the rapidity separation between the jets. The data are compared to previous measurements at the Tevatron, and to perturbative quantum chromodynamics calculations based on the Balitsky–Fadin–Kuraev–Lipatov evolution equations, including different models of the non-perturbative gap survival probability."
"We investigate the gravitational models with the non-minimal coupled electromagnetic fields to gravity, in order to describe charged compact stars, where &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) denotes a function of the Ricci curvature scalar &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt; and denotes the Maxwell invariant term. We determine two parameter family of exact spherically symmetric static solutions and the corresponding non-minimal model without assuming any relation between energy density of matter and pressure. We give the mass-radius, electric charge-radius ratios and surface gravitational redshift which are obtained by the boundary conditions. We reach a wide range of possibilities for the parameters &lt;i&gt;k&lt;i/&gt; and in these solutions. Lastly we show that the models can describe the compact stars even in the more simple case ."
"We analyze a quantized toy model of a universe undergoing eternal inflation using a quantum-field-theoretical formulation of the Wheeler–DeWitt equation. This so-called third quantization method leads to the picture that the eternally inflating universe is converted to a multiverse in which sub-universes are created and exhibit a distinctive phase in their evolution before reaching an asymptotic de Sitter phase. From the perspective of one of these sub-universes, we can thus analyze the pre-inflationary phase that arises naturally. Assuming that our observable universe is represented by one of those sub-universes, we calculate how this pre-inflationary phase influences the power spectrum of the cosmic microwave background (CMB) anisotropies and analyze whether it can explain the observed discrepancy of the power spectrum on large scales, i.e. the quadrupole issue in the CMB. While the answer to this question is negative in the specific model analyzed here, we point out a possible resolution of this issue."
"We investigate, in the probe limit, the negative refraction in the generalized superconductors with the Born–Infeld electrodynamics. We observe that the system has a negative Depine–Lakhtakia index in the superconducting phase at small frequencies and the greater the Born–Infeld corrections the larger the range of frequencies or the range of temperatures for which the negative refraction occurs. Furthermore, we find that the tunable Born–Infeld parameter can be used to improve the propagation of light in the holographic setup. Our analysis indicates that the Born–Infeld electrodynamics plays an important role in determining the optical properties of the boundary theory."
"We explore the constraints imposed by the cancellation of triangle anomalies on models in which the flavour anomalies reported by LHCb and other experiments are due to an extra U(1) gauge boson Z. We assume universal and rational U(1) charges for the first two generations of left-handed quarks and of right-handed up-type quarks but allow different charges for their third-generation counterparts. If the right-handed charges vanish, cancellation of the triangle anomalies requires all the quark U(1) charges to vanish, if there are either no exotic fermions or there is only one Standard Model singlet dark matter (DM) fermion. There are non-trivial anomaly-free models with more than one such ‘dark’ fermion, or with a single DM fermion if right-handed up-type quarks have non-zero U(1) charges. In some of the latter models the U(1) couplings of the first- and second-generation quarks all vanish, weakening the LHC constraint, and in some other models the DM particle has purely axial couplings, weakening the direct DM scattering constraint. We also consider models in which anomalies are cancelled via extra vector-like leptons, showing how the prospective LHC Z constraint may be weakened because the branching ratio is suppressed relative to other decay modes."
"The Principle of Maximum Conformality (PMC) provides a systematic way to eliminate the renormalization scheme and renormalization scale uncertainties for high-energy processes. We have observed that by applying PMC scale setting, one obtains comprehensive and self-consistent pQCD predictions for the top-quark pair total cross section and the top-quark pair forward–backward asymmetry in agreement with the measurements at the Tevatron and LHC. As a step forward, in the present paper, we determine the top-quark pole mass via a detailed comparison of the top-quark pair cross section with the measurements at the Tevatron and LHC. The results for the top-quark pole mass are GeV for the Tevatron with TeV, and  GeV for the LHC with and 8 TeV, respectively. Those predictions agree with the average,  GeV, obtained from various collaborations via direct measurements. The consistency of the pQCD predictions using the PMC with all of the collider measurements at different energies provides an important verification of QCD."
"We compute the lowest order gravitational UV divergent radiative corrections to the S matrix element of the scattering process in the massive Yukawa theory, coupled either to Unimodular Gravity or to General Relativity. We show that both Unimodular Gravity and General Relativity give rise to the same UV divergent contribution in Dimensional Regularization. This is a nontrivial result, since in the classical action of Unimodular Gravity coupled to the Yukawa theory, the graviton field does not couple neither to the mass operator nor to the Yukawa operator. This is unlike the General Relativity case. The agreement found points in the direction that Unimodular Gravity and General Relativity give rise to the same quantum theory when coupled to matter, as long as the Cosmological Constant vanishes. Along the way we have come across another unexpected cancellation of UV divergences for both Unimodular Gravity and General Relativity, resulting in the UV finiteness of the one-loop and order of the vertex involving two fermions and one graviton only."
"In this paper, we present one new form of the Regge trajectories for heavy quarkonia which is obtained from the quadratic form of the spinless Salpeter-type equation (QSSE) by employing the Bohr-Sommerfeld quantization approach. The obtained Regge trajectories take the parameterized form , which are different from the present Regge trajectories. Then we apply the obtained Regge trajectories to fit the spectra of charmonia and bottomonia. The fitted Regge trajectories are in good agreement with the experimental data and the theoretical predictions."
"We calculate the soft function for the global event variable 1-jettiness at next-to-next-to-leading order (NNLO) in QCD. We focus specifically on the non-Abelian contribution, which, unlike the Abelian part, is not determined by the next-to-leading order result. The calculation uses the known general forms for the emission of one and two soft partons and is performed using a sector-decomposition method that is spelled out in detail. Results are presented in the form of numerical fits to the 1-jettiness soft function for LHC kinematics (as a function of the angle between the incoming beams and the final-state jet) and for generic kinematics (as a function of three independent angles). These fits represent one of the needed ingredients for NNLO calculations that use the &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt;-jettiness event variable to handle infrared singularities."
"We examine the evolution of an inhomogeneous mixture of non-relativistic pressureless cold dark matter (CDM), coupled to dark energy (DE) characterised by the equation of state parameter , with the interaction term proportional to the DE density. This coupled mixture is the source of a spherically symmetric Lemaître–Tolman–Bondi (LTB) metric admitting an asymptotic Friedman–Lemaître–Robertson–Walker (FLRW) background. Einstein’s equations reduce to a 5-dimensional autonomous dynamical system involving quasi–local variables related to suitable averages of covariant scalars and their fluctuations. The phase space evolution around the critical points (past/future attractors and five saddles) is examined in detail. For all parameter values and both directions of energy flow (CDM to DE and DE to CDM) the phase space trajectories are compatible with a physically plausible early cosmic times behaviour near the past attractor. This result compares favourably with mixtures with interaction driven by the CDM density, whose past evolution is unphysical for DE to CDM energy flow. Numerical examples are provided describing the evolution of an initial profile that can be associated with idealised structure formation scenarios."
"In this paper, we investigate the possibility of obtaining bouncing-oscillating solution in modified Friedmann equations with logarithmic entropy corrected, , for positive, negative and zero values of pre-factors and all kinds of curved universes. The results are argued using the dynamical system techniques and by employing the phase plane analysis for full classification of the nonsingular evolutions. Our analysis indicates that it is possible to have an oscillating universe as well as a bounce universe for and curvatures. In case, both positive and negative values of and can make bouncing-oscillating solution, while in case, only the positive value of with negative value of can make a bounce. Also the flat universe have no bounce solution."
"Though the one-loop amplitudes of the Higgs boson to massless gauge bosons are finite because there is no direct interaction at tree level in the Standard Model, a well-defined regularization scheme is still required for their correct evaluation. We reanalyze these amplitudes in the framework of the four-dimensional unsubtraction and the loop-tree duality (FDU/LTD), and show how a local renormalization solves potential regularization ambiguities. The Higgs boson interactions are also used to illustrate new additional advantages of this formalism. We show that LTD naturally leads to very compact integrand expressions in four space-time dimensions of the one-loop amplitude with virtual electroweak gauge bosons. They exhibit the same functional form as the amplitudes with top quarks and charged scalars, thus opening further possibilities for simplifications in higher-order computations. Another outstanding application is the straightforward implementation of asymptotic expansions by using dual amplitudes. One of the main benefits of the LTD representation is that it is supported in a Euclidean space. This characteristic feature naturally leads to simpler asymptotic expansions."
"We study the rare decay in the Standard Model and beyond. Beyond the Standard Model we include new vector and axial-vector operators, scalar and pseudo-scalar operators, and tensor operators in the effective Hamiltonian. Working in the helicity basis and using appropriate parametrization of the hadronic matrix elements, we give expressions of hadronic and leptonic helicity amplitudes and derive expression of double differential branching ratio with respect to dilepton invariant mass squared and cosine of lepton angle. Appropriately integrating the differential branching ratio over the lepton angle, we obtain the longitudinal polarization fraction and the leptonic forward-backward asymmetry and sequentially study the observables in the presence of the new couplings. To analyze the implications of the new vector and axial-vector couplings, we follow the current global fits to data. While the impacts of scalar couplings can be significant, exclusive data imply stringent constraints on the tensor couplings and hence the effects on are negligible."
"Hadron decay chains constitute one of the main sources of information on the QCD spectrum. We discuss the differences between several partial wave analysis formalisms used in the literature to build the amplitudes. We match the helicity amplitudes to the covariant tensor basis. Hereby, we pay attention to the analytical properties of the amplitudes and separate singularities of kinematical and dynamical nature. We study the analytical properties of the spin-orbit (LS) formalism, and some of the covariant tensor approaches. In particular, we explicitly build the amplitudes for the and decays, and show that the energy dependence of the covariant approach is model dependent. We also show that the usual recursive construction of covariant tensors explicitly violates crossing symmetry, which would lead to different resonance parameters extracted from scattering and decay processes."
"We solve the Goldstone modes in the renormalizable SUSY SO(10) model with general couplings. The Goldstones are expressed by the Vacuum Expectation Values and the Clebsch–Gordan coefficients of relevant symmetries without explicit dependence on the parameters of the model."
"Properties of quarkonia-like states in the charm and bottom sector have been studied in the frame work of relativistic Dirac formalism with a linear confinement potential. We have computed the mass spectroscopy and decay properties (vector decay constant and leptonic decay width) of several quarkonia-like states. The present study is also intended to identify some of the unexplained states as mixed P-wave and mixed S–D-wave states of charmonia and bottomonia. The results indicate that the X(4140) state can be an admixture of two P states of charmonium. And the charmonium-like states X(4630) and X(4660) are the admixed state of S–D-waves. Similarly, the &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(10610) state recently reported by Belle II can be mixed P-states of bottomonium. In the relativistic framework we have computed the vector decay constant and the leptonic decay width for S wave charmonium and bottomonium. The leptonic decay widths for the mixed states are also predicted. Further, both the masses and the leptonic decay width are considered for the identification of the quarkonia-like states."
"Parton showers have become a standard component in the description of high-energy collisions. Nowadays most final-state ones are of the dipole character, wherein a pair of partons branches into three, with energy and momentum preserved inside this subsystem. For initial-state showers a dipole picture is also possible and commonly used, but the older global-recoil strategy remains a valid alternative, wherein larger groups of partons share the energy–momentum preservation task. In this article we introduce and implement a dipole picture also for initial-state radiation in Pythia, and compare with the existing global-recoil one, and with data. For the case of Deeply Inelastic Scattering we can directly compare with matrix element expressions and show that the dipole picture gives a very good description over the whole phase space, at least for the first branching."
"It is imperative that any proposal of new physics beyond the standard model possesses a Higgs-like boson with 125 GeV of mass and couplings with the standard particles that recover the branching ratios and signal strengths as measured by CMS and ATLAS. We address this issue within the supersymmetric version of the minimal 3-3-1 model. For this we develop the Higgs potential with focus on the lightest Higgs provided by the model. Our proposal is to verify if it recovers the properties of the Standard Model Higgs. With respect to its mass, we calculate it up to one loop level by taking into account all contributions provided by the model. In regard to its couplings, we restrict our investigation to couplings of the Higgs-like boson with the standard particles, only. We then calculate the dominant branching ratios and the respective signal strengths and confront our results with the recent measurements of CMS and ATLAS. As distinctive aspects, we remark that our Higgs-like boson intermediates flavor changing neutral processes and has as signature the decay . We calculate its branching ratio and compare it with current bounds. We also show that the Higgs potential of the model is stable for the region of parameter space employed in our calculations."
"We study the ratio of fragmentation fractions, , from the measurement of and with . With the branching fraction obtained under the U-spin symmetry, the fragmentation ratio is determined as . To reduce the above uncertainties, we suggest to measure the branching fractions of and at BESIII, Belle II and LHCb."
"If dark matter is composed of weakly interacting particles, Earth’s orbital motion may induce a small annual variation in the rate at which these particles interact in a terrestrial detector. The DAMA collaboration has identified at a confidence level such an annual modulation in their event rate over two detector iterations, DAMA/NaI and DAMA/LIBRA, each with years of observations. This data is well fit by a constant modulation amplitude for the two iterations of the experiment. We statistically examine the time dependence of the modulation amplitudes, which “by eye” appear to be decreasing with time in certain energy ranges. We perform a chi-squared goodness of fit test of the average modulation amplitudes measured by the two detector iterations which rejects the hypothesis of a consistent modulation amplitude at greater than 80, 96, and 99.6% for the 2–4, 2–5 and 2–6 keVee energy ranges, respectively. We also find that among the 14 annual cycles there are three departures from the average in our estimated data in the 5–6 keVee energy range. In addition, we examined several phenomenological models for the time dependence of the modulation amplitude. Using a maximum likelihood test, we find that descriptions of the modulation amplitude as decreasing with time are preferred over a constant modulation amplitude at anywhere between and , depending on the phenomenological model for the time dependence and the signal energy range considered. A time dependent modulation amplitude is not expected for a dark matter signal, at least for dark matter halo morphologies consistent with the DAMA signal. New data from DAMA/LIBRA–phase2 will certainly aid in determining whether any apparent time dependence is a real effect or a statistical fluctuation."
"Results for the two-loop corrections to the Higgs-boson masses of the MSSM with complex parameters of from the Yukawa sector in the gauge-less limit are presented. The corresponding self-energies and their renormalization have been obtained in the Feynman-diagrammatic approach. The impact of the new contributions on the Higgs spectrum is investigated. Furthermore, a comparison with an existing result in the limit of the MSSM with real parameters is carried out. The new results will be included in the public code FeynHiggs."
"This is a critical reconsideration of the standard way of account for Coulomb-nuclear interference in the elastic scattering amplitude."
"We present results at next-to-leading order accuracy in QCD for single top-quark production in the &lt;i&gt;t&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;s&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;tW&lt;i/&gt; channels at the lhc at a centre-of-mass energy of 8TeV, obtained with the sherpa event generator. We find them in very good agreement with measured values and quantify their theory uncertainties. Uncertainties stemming from the choice between the four- and the five-flavour scheme are found to be typically of the order of 5–10% over large ranges of phase space. We discuss the impact of parton distribution functions, and in particular of the bottom PDF. We also show how different cuts on QCD radiation patterns improve the signal-to-background ratio in realistic fiducial volumes."
"We study the B meson decays in the pQCD approach beyond the leading order. With the vertex corrections and the NLO Wilson coefficients included, the branching ratios of the considered decays are predicted as , and with the mixing angle , which can agree well with the data or the present experimental upper limit within errors. So we support the opinion that is much more favored than . Furthermore, we also give the predictions of the polarization fractions, the direct CP violations, the relative phase angles for the considered decays with the mixing angle and , respectively. The direct CP violations of the two charged decays are very small , because the weak phase is very tiny. In order to check the dependence of the results on the nonperturbative input parameters, we also calculate them by using the harmonic-oscillator type wave functions for the meson. These results can be tested at the running LHCb and forthcoming Super-B experiments."
"We revisit a recently proposed scale invariant extension of the standard model, in which the scalar bi-linear condensate in a strongly interacting hidden sector dynamically breaks scale symmetry, thereby triggering electroweak symmetry breaking. Relaxing the previously made assumption on flavor symmetry we find that the presence of the would-be dark matter candidate opens a new annihilation process of dark matter at finite temperature, such that the model can satisfy stringent constraints of the future experiments of the dark matter direct detection."
"Following the proposal in (Braun and Müller. Eur Phys J C55:349, 2008), we study the feasibility to calculate the pion distribution amplitude (DA) from suitably chosen Euclidean correlation functions at large momentum. In our lattice study we employ the novel momentum smearing technique (Bali et al. Phys Rev D93:094515, 2016; Bali et al. Phys Lett B774:91, 2017). This approach is complementary to the calculations of the lowest moments of the DA using the Wilson operator product expansion and avoids mixing with lower dimensional local operators on the lattice. The theoretical status of this method is similar to that of quasi-distributions (Ji. Phys Rev Lett 110:262002, 2013) that have recently been used in (Zhang et al. Phys Rev D95:094514, 2017) to estimate the twist two pion DA. The similarities and differences between these two techniques are highlighted."
"In the light of the excess observed by DAMPE experiment, we propose an anomaly-free radiative seesaw model with an alternative leptophilic gauge symmetry. In the model, only right-handed leptons are charged under symmetry. The tiny Dirac neutrino masses are generated at one-loop level and charged leptons acquire masses though the type-I seesaw-like mechanism with heavy intermediate fermions. In order to cancel the anomaly, irrational charge numbers are assigned to some new particles. After the spontaneous breaking of symmetry, the dark symmetry could appear as a residual symmetry such that the stability of inert particles with irrational charge numbers are guaranteed, naturally leading to stable DM candidates. We show that the Dirac fermion DM contained in the model can explain the DAMPE excess. Meanwhile, experimental constraints from DM relic density, direct detection, LEP and anomalous magnetic moments are satisfied."
"We investigate to which extent the SUSY search results published by ATLAS and CMS in the context of simplified models actually cover the more realistic scenarios of a full model. Concretely, we work within the phenomenological MSSM (pMSSM) with 19 free parameters and compare the constraints obtained from SModelS v1.1.1 with those from the ATLAS pMSSM study in arXiv:1508.06608. We find that about 40–45% of the points excluded by ATLAS escape the currently available simplified model constraints. For these points we identify the most relevant topologies which are not tested by the current simplified model results. In particular, we find that topologies with asymmetric branches, including 3-jet signatures from gluino–squark associated production, could be important for improving the current constraining power of simplified models results. Furthermore, for a better coverage of light stops and sbottoms, constraints for decays via heavier neutralinos and charginos, which subsequently decay visibly to the lightest neutralino are also needed."
"We investigate extremely rare top quark decays at a future proton–proton collider with centre-of-mass energy of 100 TeV. We focus on two decay modes: radiative decay with a &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; boson, , and flavour-changing neutral decay with a Higgs boson, , the former being kinematically suppressed with a branching ratio of (Altarelli et al., Phys Lett B 502:125–132, 2001), and the latter highly loop-suppressed, with a branching ratio of (Aguilar-Saavedra, Acta Phys Polon B 35:2695–2710, 2004). We find that will be very challenging to observe in top quark pair production, even within well-motivated beyond-the-standard model scenarios. For the mode we find a stronger sensitivity than that obtained by any future LHC measurement by at least one order of magnitude."
"It is a very well established matter nowadays that many modified gravity models can offer a sound alternative to General Relativity for the description of the accelerated expansion of the universe. But it is also equally well known that no clear and sharp discrimination between any alternative theory and the classical one has been found so far. In this work, we attempt at formulating a different approach starting from the general class of &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) theories as test probes: we try to reformulate &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) Lagrangian terms as explicit functions of the redshift, i.e., as &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;). In this context, the &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) setting to the consensus cosmological model, the CDM model, can be written as a polynomial including just a constant and a third-order term. Starting from this result, we propose various different polynomial parameterizations &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;), including new terms which would allow for deviations from CDM, and we thoroughly compare them with observational data. While on the one hand we have found no statistically preference for our proposals (even if some of them are as good as CDM by using Bayesian Evidence comparison), we think that our novel approach could provide a different perspective for the development of new and observationally reliable alternative models of gravity."
"We investigate the sensitivity of the Karlsruhe Tritium Neutrino Experiment (KATRIN) to keV-scale sterile neutrinos, which are promising dark matter candidates. Since the active-sterile mixing would lead to a second component in the tritium -spectrum with a weak relative intensity of order , additional experimental strategies are required to extract this small signature and to eliminate systematics. A possible strategy is to run the experiment in an alternative time-of-flight (TOF) mode, yielding differential TOF spectra in contrast to the integrating standard mode. In order to estimate the sensitivity from a reduced sample size, a new analysis method, called self-consistent approximate Monte Carlo (SCAMC), has been developed. The simulations show that an ideal TOF mode would be able to achieve a statistical sensitivity of at one , improving the standard mode by approximately a factor two. This relative benefit grows significantly if additional exemplary systematics are considered. A possible implementation of the TOF mode with existing hardware, called gated filtering, is investigated, which, however, comes at the price of a reduced average signal rate."
"The purpose of this paper is to show that the so-called Maxwell superalgebra in four dimensions, which naturally involves the presence of a nilpotent fermionic generator, can be interpreted as a hidden superalgebra underlying supergravity extended to include a 2-form gauge potential associated to a 2-index antisymmetric tensor. In this scenario, the theory is appropriately discussed in the context of Free Differential Algebras (an extension of the Maurer–Cartan equations to involve higher-degree differential forms). The study is then extended to the Free Differential Algebra describing supergravity, showing that, also in this case, there exists a super-Maxwell algebra underlying the theory. The same extra spinors dual to the nilpotent fermionic generators whose presence is crucial for writing a supersymmetric extension of the Maxwell algebras, both in the and in the case, turn out to be fundamental ingredients also to reproduce the and Free Differential Algebras on ordinary superspace, whose basis is given by the supervielbein. The analysis of the gauge structure of the supersymmetric Free Differential Algebras is carried on taking into account the gauge transformations from the hidden supergroup-manifold associated with the Maxwell superalgebras."
"We study the and reactions and show that they are related by the presence of two resonances, the &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(3940) and &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(3930), that are of molecular nature and couple most strongly to , but also to . Because of that, in the mass distribution we find a cusp with large strength at the threshold and predict the ratio of strengths between the peak of the cusp and the maximum of the distribution close to threshold, which are distinct features of the molecular nature of these two resonances."
"We present simplified MSSM models for light neutralinos and charginos with realistic mass spectra and realistic gaugino-higgsino mixing, that can be used in experimental searches at the LHC. The formerly used naive approach of defining mass spectra and mixing matrix elements manually and independently of each other does not yield genuine MSSM benchmarks. We suggest the use of less simplified, but realistic MSSM models, whose mass spectra and mixing matrix elements are the result of a proper matrix diagonalisation. We propose a novel strategy targeting the design of such benchmark scenarios, accounting for user-defined constraints in terms of masses and particle mixing. We apply it to the higgsino case and implement a scan in the four relevant underlying parameters for a given set of light neutralino and chargino masses. We define a measure for the quality of the obtained benchmarks, that also includes criteria to assess the higgsino content of the resulting charginos and neutralinos. We finally discuss the distribution of the resulting models in the MSSM parameter space as well as their implications for supersymmetric dark matter phenomenology."
"We study the extent of quantum gravitational effects in the internal region of non-singular, Hayward-like solutions of Einstein’s field equations according to the formalism known as horizon quantum mechanics. We grant a microscopic description to the horizon by considering a huge number of soft, off-shell gravitons, which superimpose in the same quantum state, as suggested by Dvali and Gomez. In addition to that, the constituents of such a configuration are understood as loosely confined in a binding harmonic potential. A simple analysis shows that the resolution of a central singularity through quantum physics does not tarnish the classical description, which is bestowed upon this extended self-gravitating system by General Relativity. Finally, we estimate the appearance of an internal horizon as being negligible, because of the suppression of the related probability caused by the large number of virtual gravitons."
"We consider propagating torsion as a completion of gravitation in order to describe the dynamics of curved-twisted space-times filled with Dirac spinorial fields; we discuss interesting relationships of the torsion axial vector and the curvature tensor with the Yvon-Takabayashi angle and the module of the spinor field, that is the two degrees of freedom of the spinor field itself: in particular, we shall discuss in what way the torsion axial vector could be seen as the potential of a specific interaction of the Yvon-Takabayashi angle, and therefore as a force between the two chiral projections of the spinor field itself. Chiral interactions of the components of a spinor may render effects of zitterbewegung, as well as effective mass terms and other related features: we shall briefly sketch some of the analogies and differences with the similar but not identical situation given by the Yukawa interaction occurring in the Higgs sector of the standard model. We will provide some overall considerations about general consequences for contemporary physics, consequences that have never been discussed before, so far as we are aware, in the present physics literature."
"For the ‘stealth bosons’ &lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt;, light boosted particles with a decay into four quarks and reconstructed as a single fat jet, the groomed jet mass has a strong correlation with groomed jet substructure variables. Consequently, the jet mass distribution is strongly affected by the jet substructure selection cuts when applied on the groomed jet. We illustrate this fact by recasting a CMS search for low-mass dijet resonances and show a few representative examples. The mass distributions exhibit narrow and wide bumps at several locations in the 100–300 GeV range, between the masses of the daughter particles &lt;i&gt;A&lt;i/&gt; and the parent particle &lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt;, depending on the jet substructure selection. This striking observation introduces several caveats when interpreting and comparing experimental results, for the case of non-standard signatures. The possibility that a single boosted particle decaying hadronically produces multiple bumps, at quite different jet masses, and depending on the event selection, brings the anomaly chasing game to the next level."
"Using effective field theoretical methods, we show that besides the already observed gravitational waves, quantum gravity predicts two further massive classical fields leading to two new massive waves. We set a limit on the masses of these new modes using data from the Eöt-Wash experiment. We point out that the existence of these new states is a model independent prediction of quantum gravity. We then explain how these new classical fields could impact astrophysical processes and in particular the binary inspirals of neutron stars or black holes. We calculate the emission rate of these new states in binary inspirals astrophysical processes."
"The conventional ways to calculate the perturbative component of the DIS singlet structure function involve approaches based on BFKL which account for the single-logarithmic contributions accompanying the Born factor 1 / &lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt;. In contrast, we account for the double-logarithmic (DL) contributions unrelated to 1 / &lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt; and because of that they were disregarded as negligibly small. We calculate the singlet in the double-logarithmic approximation (DLA) and account at the same time for the running effects. We start with a total resummation of both quark and gluon DL contributions and obtain the explicit expression for in DLA. Then, applying the saddle-point method, we calculate the small-&lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt; asymptotics of , which proves to be of the Regge form with the leading singularity . Its large value compensates for the lack of the factor 1 / &lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt; in the DLA contributions. Therefore, this Reggeon can be identified as a new Pomeron, which can be quite important for the description of all QCD processes involving the vacuum (Pomeron) exchanges at very high energies. We prove that the expression for the small-&lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt; asymptotics of scales: it depends on a single variable only instead of &lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt; and separately. Finally, we show that the small-&lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt; asymptotics reliably represent at ."
"Weakly Interacting Massive Particles (WIMPs) are among the best-motivated dark matter candidates. No conclusive signal, despite an extensive search program that combines, often in a complementary way, direct, indirect, and collider probes, has been detected so far. This situation might change in near future due to the advent of one/multi-TON Direct Detection experiments. We thus, find it timely to provide a review of the WIMP paradigm with focus on a few models which can be probed at best by these facilities. Collider and Indirect Detection, nevertheless, will not be neglected when they represent a complementary probe."
"Supersymmetric , and asymptotically black hole solutions are studied in the context of non-minimal supergravity models involving three vector multiplets (STU-model) and Abelian gaugings of the universal hypermultiplet moduli space. Such models correspond to consistent subsectors of the and gauged maximal supergravities that arise from the reduction of 11D and massive IIA supergravity on spaces down to four dimensions. A unified description of all the models is provided in terms of a square-root prepotential and the gauging of a duality-hidden symmetry pair of the universal hypermultiplet. Some aspects of M-theory and massive IIA holography are mentioned in passing."
"We consider a scalar field which is generally non-minimally coupled to gravity and has a characteristic cubic Galilean-like term and a generic self-interaction, as a candidate of a Dark Energy model. The system is dynamically analyzed and novel fixed points with perturbative stability are demonstrated. Evolution of the system is numerically studied near a novel fixed point which owes its existence to the Galileon character of the model. It turns out that demanding the stability of this novel fixed point puts a strong restriction on the allowed non-minimal coupling and the choice of the self-interaction. The evolution of the equation of state parameter is studied, which shows that our model predicts an accelerated universe throughout and the phantom limit is only approached closely but never crossed. Our result thus extends the findings of Coley, Dynamical systems and cosmology. Kluwer Academic Publishers, Boston (2013) for more general NMC than linear and quadratic couplings."
"We have considered the Pauli–Zeldovich mechanism for the cancellation of the ultraviolet divergences in vacuum energy. This mechanism arises because bosons and fermions give contributions of the opposite signs. In contrast with the preceding papers devoted to this topic wherein mainly free fields were studied, here we have taken their interactions into account to the lowest order of perturbation theory. We have constructed some simple toy models having particles with spin 0 and spin 1 / 2, where masses of the particles are equal while the interactions can be quite non-trivial."
"A search for doubly charged Higgs bosons with pairs of prompt, isolated, highly energetic leptons with the same electric charge is presented. The search uses a proton–proton collision data sample at a centre-of-mass energy of 13 TeV corresponding to 36.1 of integrated luminosity recorded in 2015 and 2016 by the ATLAS detector at the LHC. This analysis focuses on the decays , and , fitting the dilepton mass spectra in several exclusive signal regions. No significant evidence of a signal is observed and corresponding limits on the production cross-section and consequently a lower limit on are derived at 95% confidence level. With , the observed lower limit on the mass of a doubly charged Higgs boson only coupling to left-handed leptons varies from 770 to 870 GeV (850 GeV expected) for and both the expected and observed mass limits are above 450 GeV for and any combination of partial branching ratios."
"Inspired by the peak structure observed by recent DAMPE experiment in cosmic-ray spectrum, we consider a scalar dark matter (DM) model with gauged symmetry, which is the most economical anomaly-free theory to potentially explain the peak by DM annihilation in nearby subhalo. We utilize the process , where , , denote the scalar DM, the new gauge boson and , respectively, to generate the spectrum. By fitting the predicted spectrum to the experimental data, we obtain the favored DM mass range and at Confidence Level (C.L.). Furthermore, we determine the parameter space of the model which can explain the peak and meanwhile satisfy the constraints from DM relic abundance, DM direct detection and the collider bounds. We conclude that the model we consider can account for the peak, although there exists a tension with the constraints from the LEP-II bound on arising from the cross section measurement of ."
"In this paper we indicate a possibility of utilizing the elastic scattering of Dirac low-energy ( MeV) electron neutrinos (s) on a polarized electron target (PET) in testing the time reversal symmetry violation (TRSV). We consider a scenario in which the incoming beam is a superposition of left chiral (LC) and right chiral (RC) states. LC interact mainly by the standard and small admixture of non-standard scalar , pseudoscalar , tensor interactions, while RC ones are only detected by the exotic and interactions. As a result of the superposition of the two chiralities the transverse components of spin polarization (T-even and T-odd) may appear. We compute the differential cross section as a function of the recoil electron azimuthal angle and scattered electron energy, and show how the interference terms between standard and exotic couplings depend on the various angular correlations among the transversal spin polarization, the polarization of the electron target, the incoming neutrino momentum and the outgoing electron momentum in the limit of relativistic . We illustrate how the maximal value of recoil electrons azimuthal asymmetry and the asymmetry axis location of outgoing electrons depend on the azimuthal angle of the transversal component of the spin polarization, both for the time reversal symmetry conservation (TRSC) and TRSV. Next, we display that the electron energy spectrum and polar angle distribution of the recoil electrons are also sensitive to the interference terms between and couplings, proportional to the T-even and T-odd angular correlations among the transversal polarization, the electron polarization of the target, and the incoming momentum, respectively. We also discuss the possibility of testing the TRSV by observing the azimuthal asymmetry of outgoing electrons, using the PET without the impact of the transversal polarization related to the production process. In this scenario the predicted effects depend only on the interferences between and couplings. Our model-independent analysis is carried out for the flavor . To make such tests feasible, the intense (polarized) artificial source, PET and the appropriate detector measuring the directionality of the outgoing electrons and/or the recoil electrons energy with a high resolution have to be identified."
"Having studied the fragmentation of the black holes containing &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) global monopole under the generalized uncertainty principle (GUP), we show the influences from this kind of monopole, &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) theory, and GUP on the evolution of black holes. We focus on the possibility that the black hole breaks into two parts by means of the second law of thermodynamics. We derive the entropies of the initial black hole and the broken parts while the generalization of Heisenberg’s uncertainty principle is introduced. We find that the &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) global monopole black hole keeps stable instead of splitting without the generalization because the entropy difference is negative. The fragmentation of the black hole will happen if the black hole entropies are limited by the GUP and the considerable deviation from the general relativity leads to the case that the mass of one fragmented black hole is smaller and the other one’s mass is larger."
"Action for the Dirac spinor field coupled to gravity on noncommutative (NC) Moyal-Weyl spacetime is obtained without prior knowledge of the metric tensor. We emphasize gauge origins of gravity and its interaction with fermions by demonstrating that a classical action invariant under &lt;i&gt;SO&lt;i/&gt;(2, 3) gauge transformations can be exactly reduced to the Dirac action in curved spacetime after breaking the original symmetry down to the local Lorentz &lt;i&gt;SO&lt;i/&gt;(1, 3) symmetry. The commutative &lt;i&gt;SO&lt;i/&gt;(2, 3) invariant action can be straightforwardly deformed via Moyal-Weyl -product to its NC invariant version which can be expanded perturbatively in powers of the deformation parameter using the Seiberg-Witten map. The NC gravity-matter couplings in the expansion arise as an effect of the gauge symmetry breaking. We calculate in detail the first order NC correction to the classical Dirac action in curved spacetime and show that it does not vanish. Moreover, linear NC effects are apparent even in flat spacetime. We analyse NC deformation of the Dirac equation, Feynman propagator and dispersion relation for electrons in Minkowski spacetime and conclude that constant NC background acts as a birefringent medium for electrons propagating in it."
"We construct the twist operator for the Snyder space. Our starting point is a non-associative star product related to a Hermitian realisation of the noncommutative coordinates originally introduced by Snyder. The corresponding coproduct of momenta is non-coassociative. The twist is constructed using a general definition of the star product in terms of a bi-differential operator in the Hopf algebroid approach. The result is given by a closed analytical expression. We prove that this twist reproduces the correct coproducts of the momenta and the Lorentz generators. The twisted Poincaré symmetry is described by a non-associative Hopf algebra, while the twisted Lorentz symmetry is described by the undeformed Hopf algebra. This new twist might be important in the construction of different types of field theories on Snyder space."
"Attempts to incorporate in a coherent picture the &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt;-decay anomalies presumably observed in and semi-leptonic decays have to face the absence of signals in other related experiments, both at low and at high energies. By extending and making more precise the content of Barbieri et al. (Eur Phys J C 77(1):8, 2017), we describe one such attempt based on the Pati–Salam SU(4) group, that unifies colour and the &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt;-&lt;i&gt;L&lt;i/&gt; charge, in the context of a new strongly interacting sector, equally responsible for producing a pseudo-Goldstone Higgs boson."
"We present a new approach for the &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity formalism, by thoroughly exploring the extra terms of its effective energy-momentum tensor , which we name , so that , with being the usual energy-momentum tensor of matter. Purely from the Bianchi identities, we obtain the conservation of both parts of the effective energy-momentum tensor, rather than the non-conservation of , originally occurring in the &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) theories. In this way, the intriguing scenario of matter creation, which still lacks observational evidence, is evaded. One is left, then, with two sets of cosmological equations to be solved: the Friedmann-like equations along with the conservation of and along with the conservation of . We present a physical interpretation for the conservation of , which can be related to the presence of stiff matter in the universe. The cosmological consequences of this approach are presented and discussed as well as the benefits of evading the matter energy-momentum tensor non-conservation."
"Beyond the Einstein–Maxwell model, electromagnetic field might couple with gravitational field through the Weyl tensor. In order to provide one of the missing puzzles of the whole physical picture, we investigate weak deflection lensing for photons coupled to the Weyl tensor in a Schwarzschild black hole under a unified framework that is valid for its two possible polarizations. We obtain its coordinate-independent expressions for all observables of the geometric optics lensing up to the second order in the terms of which is the ratio of the angular gravitational radius to angular Einstein radius of the lens. These observables include bending angle, image position, magnification, centroid and time delay. The contributions of such a coupling on some astrophysical scenarios are also studied. We find that, in the cases of weak deflection lensing on a star orbiting the Galactic Center Sgr A*, Galactic microlensing on a star in the bulge and astrometric microlensing by a nearby object, these effects are beyond the current limits of technology. However, measuring the variation of the total flux of two weak deflection lensing images caused by the Sgr A* might be a promising way for testing such a coupling in the future."
"In this work, we study a flat Friedmann–Robertson–Walker universe filled with dark matter and viscous new holographic dark energy. We present four possible solutions of the model depending on the choice of the viscous term. We obtain the evolution of the cosmological quantities such as scale factor, deceleration parameter and transition redshift to observe the effect of viscosity in the evolution. We also emphasis upon the two independent geometrical diagnostics for our model, namely the statefinder and the &lt;i&gt;Om&lt;i/&gt; diagnostics. In the first case we study new holographic dark energy model without viscous and obtain power-law expansion of the universe which gives constant deceleration parameter and statefinder parameters. In the limit of the parameter, the model approaches to model. In new holographic dark energy model with viscous, the bulk viscous coefficient is assumed as , where and are constants, and &lt;i&gt;H&lt;i/&gt; is the Hubble parameter. In this model, we obtain all possible solutions with viscous term and analyze the expansion history of the universe. We draw the evolution graphs of the scale factor and deceleration parameter. It is observed that the universe transits from deceleration to acceleration for small values of in late time. However, it accelerates very fast from the beginning for large values of . By illustrating the evolutionary trajectories in and planes, we find that our model behaves as an quintessence like for small values of viscous coefficient and a Chaplygin gas like for large values of bulk viscous coefficient at early stage. However, model has close resemblance to that of the cosmology in late time. The has positive and negative curvatures for phantom and quintessence models, respectively depending on . Our study shows that the bulk viscosity plays very important role in the expansion history of the universe."
"We propose a Dirac type active neutrino with rank two mass matrix and a Majorana fermion dark matter candidate with an alternative local extension of neutrinophilic two Higgs doublet model. Our dark matter candidate can be stabilized due to charge assignment under the gauge symmetry without imposing extra discrete symmetry and the relic density is obtained from an boson exchanging process. Taking into account collider constraints on the boson mass and coupling, we estimate the relic density."
"We work out the phenomenology of untagged time-dependent analysis with radiative -decays into CP eigenstates, which allows to probe the photon polarization by means of the charm mesons’ finite width difference. We show that or decays, which are SM-dominated, or SM-like, respectively, together with U-spin allow to obtain chirality-predictions for radiative decay amplitudes. The order of magnitude of wrong-chirality contributions in the SM can be cross-checked with an up–down asymmetry in . We explore the sensitivity to new physics in dipole couplings in the decays . We point out the possibility to test the SM with decays."
"Light, MeV-scale dark matter (DM) is an exciting DM candidate that is undetectable by current experiments. A germanium (Ge) detector utilizing internal charge amplification for the charge carriers created by the ionization of impurities is a promising new technology with experimental sensitivity for detecting MeV-scale DM. We analyze the physics mechanisms of the signal formation, charge creation, charge internal amplification, and the projected sensitivity for directly detecting MeV-scale DM particles. We present a design for a novel Ge detector at helium temperature ( 4 K) enabling ionization of impurities from DM impacts. With large localized E-fields, the ionized excitations can be accelerated to kinetic energies larger than the Ge bandgap at which point they can create additional electron–hole pairs, producing intrinsic amplification to achieve an ultra-low energy threshold of  0.1 eV for detecting low-mass DM particles in the MeV scale. Correspondingly, such a Ge detector with 1 kg-year exposure will have high sensitivity to a DM-nucleon cross section of  5  10 cm at a DM mass of  10 MeV/c and a DM-electron cross section of  5  10 cm at a DM mass of  1 MeV/c."
"The differential cross-section for the production of a &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; boson in association with a top quark is measured for several particle-level observables. The measurements are performed using of &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collision data collected with the ATLAS detector at the LHC in 2015 and 2016. Differential cross-sections are measured in a fiducial phase space defined by the presence of two charged leptons and exactly one jet matched to a &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-hadron, and are normalised with the fiducial cross-section. Results are found to be in good agreement with predictions from several Monte Carlo event generators."
"Phenomenological studies performed for non-supersymmetric extensions of the Standard Model usually use tree-level parameters as input to define the scalar sector of the model. This implicitly assumes that a full on-shell calculation of the scalar sector is possible – and meaningful. However, this doesn’t have to be the case as we show explicitly at the example of the Georgi-Machacek model. This model comes with an appealing custodial symmetry to explain the smallness of the parameter. However, the model cannot be renormalised on-shell without breaking the custodial symmetry. Moreover, we find that it can often happen that the radiative corrections are so large that any consideration based on a perturbative expansion appears to be meaningless: counter-terms to quartic couplings can become much larger than and/or two-loop mass corrections can become larger than the one-loop ones. Therefore, conditions are necessary to single out parameter regions which cannot be treated perturbatively. We propose and discuss different sets of such perturbativity conditions and show their impact on the parameter space of the Georgi-Machacek model. Moreover, the proposed conditions are general enough that they can be applied to other models as well. We also point out that the vacuum stability constraints in the Georgi-Machacek model, which have so far only been applied at the tree level, receive crucial radiative corrections. We show that large regions of the parameter space which feature a stable electroweak vacuum at the loop level would have been – wrongly – ruled out by the tree-level conditions."
"In a simplified model including an &lt;i&gt;SU&lt;i/&gt;(2) singlet &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt; quark with charge 2/3, we investigate the single vector-like &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt; production at the high energy collision. We study the observability of the vector-like &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt; focusing on the decay channel with at TeV. In this analysis, only two free parameters are involved, namely the &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt; quark coupling strength for single production and the mass . We scan the parameter space and find that the correlation region of and GeV can be excluded with integrated luminosity and the correlation region of and GeV can be excluded with integrated luminosity at level."
"Previous quantum field estimations of the QCD vacuum in the expanding space-time lead to a dark energy component scaling linearly with the Hubble parameter, which gives the correct figure for the observed cosmological term. Here we show that this behaviour also appears at the classical level, as a result of the chiral symmetry breaking in a low energy, effective -model. The dark sector is described in a unified way by the condensate and its fluctuations, giving rise to a decaying dark energy and a homogeneous creation of non-relativistic dark particles. The creation rate and the future asymptotic de Sitter horizon are both determined by the mass scale."
"The existence of charged Higgs boson(s) is inevitable in models with two (or more) Higgs doublets. Hence, their discovery would constitute unambiguous evidence for new physics beyond the Standard Model (SM). Taking into account all relevant results from direct charged and neutral Higgs boson searches at LEP and the LHC, as well as the most recent constraints from flavour physics, we present a detailed analysis of the current phenomenological status of the charged Higgs sector in a variety of well-motivated two Higgs doublet models (2HDMs). We find that charged Higgs bosons as light as can still be compatible with the combined data, although this implies severely suppressed charged Higgs couplings to all fermions. In more popular models, e.g. the 2HDM of Type II, we find that flavour physics observables impose a combined lower limit on the charged Higgs mass of GeV – independent of – which increases to GeV for . We furthermore find that in certain scenarios, the signature of a charged Higgs boson decaying into a lighter neutral Higgs boson and a &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; boson provides a promising experimental avenue that would greatly complement the existing LHC search programme for charged Higgs boson(s)."
"In this work we study the impact that the ghost sector of pure Yang–Mills theories may have on the generation of a dynamical gauge boson mass scale, which hinges on the appearance of massless poles in the fundamental vertices of the theory, and the subsequent realization of the well-known Schwinger mechanism. The process responsible for the formation of such structures is itself dynamical in nature, and is governed by a set of Bethe–Salpeter type of integral equations. While in previous studies the presence of massless poles was assumed to be exclusively associated with the background-gauge three-gluon vertex, in the present analysis we allow them to appear also in the corresponding ghost-gluon vertex. The full analysis of the resulting Bethe–Salpeter system reveals that the contribution of the poles associated with the ghost-gluon vertex are particularly suppressed, their sole discernible effect being a slight modification in the running of the gluon mass scale, for momenta larger than a few GeV. In addition, we examine the behavior of the (background-gauge) ghost-gluon vertex in the limit of vanishing ghost momentum, and derive the corresponding version of Taylor’s theorem. These considerations, together with a suitable &lt;i&gt;Ansatz&lt;i/&gt;, permit us the full reconstruction of the pole sector of the two vertices involved."
"We construct the light escape cones of isotropic spot sources of radiation residing in special classes of reference frames in the Kerr–de Sitter  (KdS) black hole spacetimes, namely in the fundamental class of ‘non-geodesic’ locally non-rotating reference frames (LNRFs), and two classes of ‘geodesic’ frames, the radial geodesic frames (RGFs), both falling and escaping, and the frames related to the circular geodesic orbits (CGFs). We compare the cones constructed in a given position for the LNRFs, RGFs, and CGFs. We have shown that the photons locally counter-rotating relative to LNRFs with positive impact parameter and negative covariant energy are confined to the ergosphere region. Finally, we demonstrate that the light escaping cones govern the shadows of black holes located in front of a radiating screen, as seen by the observers in the considered frames. For shadows related to distant static observers the LNRFs are relevant."
"A minimal-length scenario can be considered as an effective description of quantum gravity effects. In quantum mechanics the introduction of a minimal length can be accomplished through a generalization of Heisenberg’s uncertainty principle. In this scenario, state eigenvectors of the position operator are no longer physical states and the representation in momentum space or a representation in a quasiposition space must be used. In this work, we solve the Schroedinger equation with a Dirac -function potential in quasiposition space. We calculate the bound state energy and the coefficients of reflection and transmission for the scattering states. We show that leading corrections are of order of the minimal length and the coefficients of reflection and transmission are no longer the same for the Dirac delta well and barrier as in ordinary quantum mechanics. Furthermore, assuming that the equivalence of the 1s state energy of the hydrogen atom and the bound state energy of the Dirac -function potential in the one-dimensional case is kept in a minimal-length scenario, we also find that the leading correction term for the ground state energy of the hydrogen atom is of the order of the minimal length and m."
"We consider a special class of vacuum &lt;i&gt;F&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;)-modified gravity models. The form of their Lagrangian is such that the field equations are trivially satisfied when the Ricci scalar is constant. There are many interesting &lt;i&gt;F&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;)-models for inflation and dark energy that fall in this class. However, little is known outside the domain of cosmology therefore we aim to explore the class of solutions that are static and spherically symmetric. After some general considerations, we investigate in more detail black hole solutions, traversable wormhole metrics and, finally, configurations that can match the anomalous rotation curves of galaxies."
"By means of lattice calculations, center vortices have been established as the infrared dominant gauge field configurations of Yang–Mills theory. In this work, we investigate an ensemble of center vortices in D = 3 Euclidean space-time dimension where they form closed flux loops. To account for the properties of center vortices detected on the lattice, they are equipped with tension, stiffness and a repulsive contact interaction. The ensemble of oriented center vortices is then mapped onto an effective theory of a complex scalar field with a U(1) symmetry. For a positive tension, small vortex loops are favoured and the Wilson loop displays a perimeter law while for a negative tension, large loops dominate the ensemble. In this case the U(1) symmetry of the effective scalar field theory is spontaneously broken and the Wilson loop shows an area law. To account for the large quantum fluctuations of the corresponding Goldstone modes, we use a lattice representation, which results in an XY model with frustration, for which we also study the Villain approximation."
"We study the asymptotically flat quasi-local black hole/hairy black hole model with nonzero mass of the scalar field. We disclose effects of the scalar mass on transitions in a grand canonical ensemble with condensation behaviors of the parameter , which is similar to approaches in holographic theories. We find that a more negative scalar mass makes the phase transition easier. We also obtain the analytical relation around the critical phase transition points, implying a second order phase transition. Besides the parameter , we show that metric solutions can be used to disclose properties of the transitions. In this work, we observe that phase transitions in a box are strikingly similar to holographic transitions in AdS gravity and the similarity provides insights into holographic theories."
"In the interface between general relativity and relativistic quantum mechanics, we analyse rotating effects on the scalar field subject to a hard-wall confining potential. We consider three different scenarios of general relativity given by the cosmic string spacetime, the spacetime with space-like dislocation and the spacetime with a spiral dislocation. Then, by searching for a discrete spectrum of energy, we analyse analogues effects of the Aharonov–Bohm effect for bound states and the Sagnac effect."
"We calculate the transverse momentum dependent gluon-to-gluon splitting function within -factorization, generalizing the framework employed in the calculation of the quark splitting functions in Hautmann et al. (Nucl Phys B 865:54-66, arXiv:1205.1759, 2012), Gituliar et al. (JHEP 01:181, arXiv:1511.08439, 2016), Hentschinski et al. (Phys Rev D 94(11):114013, arXiv:1607.01507, 2016) and demonstrate at the same time the consistency of the extended formalism with previous results. While existing versions of factorized evolution equations contain already a gluon-to-gluon splitting function &lt;i&gt;i.e.&lt;i/&gt; the leading order Balitsky–Fadin–Kuraev–Lipatov (BFKL) kernel or the Ciafaloni–Catani–Fiorani–Marchesini (CCFM) kernel, the obtained splitting function has the important property that it reduces both to the leading order BFKL kernel in the high energy limit, to the Dokshitzer–Gribov–Lipatov–Altarelli–Parisi (DGLAP) gluon-to-gluon splitting function in the collinear limit as well as to the CCFM kernel in the soft limit. At the same time we demonstrate that this splitting kernel can be obtained from a direct calculation of the QCD Feynman diagrams, based on a combined implementation of the Curci-Furmanski-Petronzio formalism for the calculation of the collinear splitting functions and the framework of high energy factorization."
"The recently published no-hair theorems of Hod, Bhattacharjee, and Sarkar have revealed the intriguing fact that horizonless compact reflecting stars &lt;i&gt;cannot&lt;i/&gt; support spatially regular configurations made of scalar, vector and tensor fields. In the present paper we explicitly prove that the interesting no-hair behavior observed in these studies is not a generic feature of compact reflecting stars. In particular, we shall prove that charged reflecting stars &lt;i&gt;can&lt;i/&gt; support &lt;i&gt;charged&lt;i/&gt; massive scalar field configurations in their exterior spacetime regions. To this end, we solve analytically the characteristic Klein–Gordon wave equation for a linearized charged scalar field of mass , charge coupling constant &lt;i&gt;q&lt;i/&gt;, and spherical harmonic index &lt;i&gt;l&lt;i/&gt; in the background of a spherically symmetric compact reflecting star of mass &lt;i&gt;M&lt;i/&gt;, electric charge &lt;i&gt;Q&lt;i/&gt;, and radius . Interestingly, it is proved that the discrete set of star radii that can support the charged massive scalar field configurations is determined by the characteristic zeroes of the confluent hypergeometric function. Following this simple observation, we derive a remarkably compact analytical formula for the discrete spectrum of star radii in the intermediate regime . The analytically derived resonance spectrum is confirmed by direct numerical computations."
"A local and gauge invariant gauge field model including Nambu–Jona-Lasinio (NJL) and QCD Lagrangian terms in its action is introduced. Surprisingly, it becomes power counting renormalizable. This occurs thanks to the presence of action terms which modify the quark propagators, to become more decreasing that the Dirac one at large momenta in a Lee–Wick form, implying power counting renormalizability. The appearance of finite quark masses already in the tree approximation in the scheme is determined by the fact that the new action terms explicitly break chiral invariance. In this starting work we present the renormalized Feynman diagram expansion of the model and derive the formula for the degree of divergence of the diagrams. An explanation for the usual exclusion of the added Lagrangian terms is presented. In addition, the primitíve divergent graphs are identified. We start their evaluation by calculating the simpler contribution to the gluon polarization operator. The divergent and finite parts both result transverse as required by gauge invariance. The full evaluation of the various primitive divergences, which are required for completely defining the counterterm Feynman expansion will be considered in coming works, for further allowing to discuss the flavour symmetry breaking and unitarity."
"The modification of the production of , , and () in &lt;i&gt;p&lt;i/&gt;+Pb collisions with respect to their production in &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collisions has been studied. The &lt;i&gt;p&lt;i/&gt;+Pb and &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; datasets used in this paper correspond to integrated luminosities of and respectively, collected in 2013 and 2015 by the ATLAS detector at the LHC, both at a centre-of-mass energy per nucleon pair of 5.02 TeV. The quarkonium states are reconstructed in the dimuon decay channel. The yields of and are separated into prompt and non-prompt sources. The measured quarkonium differential cross sections are presented as a function of rapidity and transverse momentum, as is the nuclear modification factor, for and . No significant modification of the production is observed while production is found to be suppressed at low transverse momentum in &lt;i&gt;p&lt;i/&gt;+Pb collisions relative to &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collisions. The production of excited charmonium and bottomonium states is found to be suppressed relative to that of the ground states in central &lt;i&gt;p&lt;i/&gt;+Pb collisions."
"The discovery by the IceCube experiment of a high-energy astrophysical neutrino flux with energies of the order of PeV, has opened new scenarios in astroparticles physics. A possibility to explain this phenomenon is to consider the minimal models of Dark Matter (DM) decay, the 4-dimensional operator , which is also able to generate the correct abundance of DM in the Universe. Assuming that the cosmological background evolves according to the standard cosmological model, it follows that the rate of DM decay needed to get the correct DM relic abundance () differs by many orders of magnitude with respect that one needed to explain the IceCube data (), making the four-dimensional operator unsuitable. In this paper we show that assuming that the early Universe evolution is governed by a modified cosmology, the discrepancy between the two the DM decay rates can be reconciled, and both the IceCube neutrino rate and relic density can be explained in a minimal model."
"Weak gravitational lensing by black holes and wormholes in the context of massive gravity (Bebronne and Tinyakov, JHEP 0904:100, 2009) theory is studied. The particular solution examined is characterized by two integration constants, the mass &lt;i&gt;M&lt;i/&gt; and an extra parameter &lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt; namely ‘scalar charge’. These black hole reduce to the standard Schwarzschild black hole solutions when the scalar charge is zero and the mass is positive. In addition, a parameter in the metric characterizes so-called ‘hair’. The geodesic equations are used to examine the behavior of the deflection angle in four relevant cases of the parameter . Then, by introducing a simple coordinate transformation into the black hole metric, we were able to find a massless wormhole solution of Einstein–Rosen (ER) (Einstein and Rosen, Phys Rev 43:73, 1935) type with scalar charge &lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt;. The programme is then repeated in terms of the Gauss–Bonnet theorem in the weak field limit after a method is established to deal with the angle of deflection using different domains of integration depending on the parameter . In particular, we have found new analytical results corresponding to four special cases which generalize the well known deflection angles reported in the literature. Finally, we have established the time delay problem in the spacetime of black holes and wormholes, respectively."
"In a coalescence plus fragmentation approach we calculate the heavy baryon/meson ratio and the spectra of charmed hadrons , and in a wide range of transverse momentum from low up to about 10 GeV and discuss their ratios from RHIC to LHC energies without any change of the coalescence parameters. We have included the contribution from decays of heavy hadron resonances and also the one due to fragmentation of heavy quarks which do not undergo the coalescence process. The coalescence process is tuned to have all charm quarks hadronizing in the limit and at finite charm quarks not undergoing coalescence are hadronized by independent fragmentation. The dependence of the baryon/meson ratios are found to be sensitive to the masses of coalescing quarks, in particular the can reach values of about at GeV, or larger, similarly to the light baryon/meson ratio like and , however a marked difference is a quite weak dependence with respect to the light case, such that a larger value at intermediate implies a relatively large value also for the integrated yields. A comparison with other coalescence model and with the prediction of thermal model is discussed."
"We consider the effect of the Gibbons–Hawking radiation on the inflaton in the situation where it is coupled to a large number of spectator fields. We argue that this will lead to two important effects – a thermal contribution to the potential and a gradual change in parameters in the Lagrangian which results from thermodynamic and energy conservation arguments. We present a scenario of hilltop inflation where the field starts trapped at the origin before slowly experiencing a phase transition during which the field extremely slowly moves towards its zero temperature expectation value. We show that it is possible to obtain enough e-folds of expansion as well as the correct spectrum of perturbations without hugely fine-tuned parameters in the potential (albeit with many spectator fields). We also comment on how initial conditions for inflation can arise naturally in this situation."
"If dark matter is composed of massive bosons, a Bose–Einstein condensation process must have occurred during the cosmological evolution. Therefore galactic dark matter may be in a form of a condensate, characterized by a strong self-interaction. We consider the effects of rotation on the Bose–Einstein condensate dark matter halos, and we investigate how rotation might influence their astrophysical properties. In order to describe the condensate we use the Gross–Pitaevskii equation, and the Thomas–Fermi approximation, which predicts a polytropic equation of state with polytropic index . By assuming a rigid body rotation for the halo, with the use of the hydrodynamic representation of the Gross–Pitaevskii equation we obtain the basic equation describing the density distribution of the rotating condensate. We obtain the general solutions for the condensed dark matter density, and we derive the general representations for the mass distribution, boundary (radius), potential energy, velocity dispersion, tangential velocity and for the logarithmic density and velocity slopes, respectively. Explicit expressions for the radius, mass, and tangential velocity are obtained in the first order of approximation, under the assumption of slow rotation. In order to compare our results with the observations we fit the theoretical expressions of the tangential velocity of massive test particles moving in rotating Bose–Einstein condensate dark halos with the data of 12 dwarf galaxies and the Milky Way, respectively."
"We study the scattering of kink and antikink of the double sine-Gordon model. There is a critical value of the initial velocity of the colliding kinks, which separates different regimes of the collision. At we observe kinks reflection, while at their interaction is complicated with capture and escape windows. We obtain the dependence of on the parameter of the model. This dependence possesses a series of local maxima, which has not been reported by other authors. At some initial velocities below the critical value we observe a new phenomenon – the escape of two oscillons in the final state. Besides that, at we found the initial kinks’ velocities at which the oscillons do not escape, and the final configuration looks like a bound state of two oscillons."
"Treating the light-flavor constituent quarks and antiquarks whose momentum information is extracted from the data of soft light-flavor hadrons in &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collisions at TeV as the underlying source of chromatically neutralizing the charm quarks of low transverse momenta (), we show that the experimental data of spectra of single-charm hadrons , , and at mid-rapidity in the low range ( GeV/&lt;i&gt;c&lt;i/&gt;) in &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collisions at TeV can be well understood by the equal-velocity combination of perturbatively created charm quarks and those light-flavor constituent quarks and antiquarks. This suggests a possible new scenario of low charm quark hadronization, in contrast to the traditional fragmentation mechanism, in &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collisions at LHC energies. This is also another support for the exhibition of the soft constituent quark degrees of freedom for the small parton system created in &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collisions at LHC energies."
"Proton–proton (&lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt;) data show collective effects, such as long-range azimuthal correlations and strangeness enhancement, which are similar to phenomenology observed in heavy ion collisions. Using simulations with and without explicit existing models of collective effects, we explore new ways to probe &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collisions at high multiplicity, in order to suggest measurements that could help identify the similarities and differences between large- and small-scale collective effects. In particular, we focus on the properties of jets produced in &lt;i&gt;ultra-central&lt;i/&gt; &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collisions in association with a &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; boson. We consider observables such as jet energy loss and jet shapes, which could point to the possible existence of an underlying quark-gluon plasma, or other new dynamical effects related to the presence of large hadronic densities."
"We study the thermodynamical features and dynamical evolutions of various apparent horizons associated with the Vaidya evaporating black hole surrounded by the cosmological fields of dust, radiation, quintessence, cosmological constant-like and phantom. In this regard, we address in detail how do these surrounding fields contribute to the characteristic features of a surrounded dynamical black hole in comparison to a dynamical black hole in an empty background."
"We examine an extension of the SM Higgs sector by a Higgs triplet taking into consideration the discovery of a Higgs-like particle at the LHC with mass around 125 GeV. We evaluate the bounds on the scalar potential through the unitarity of the scattering matrix. Considering the cases with and without -symmetry of the extra triplet, we derive constraints on the parameter space. We identify the region of the parameter space that corresponds to the stability and metastability of the electroweak vacuum. We also show that at large field values the scalar potential of this model is suitable to explain inflation."
"We consider the scattering of kinks of the sinh-deformed model, which is obtained from the well-known model by means of the deformation procedure. Depending on the initial velocity of the colliding kinks, different collision scenarios are realized. There is a critical value of the initial velocity, which separates the regime of reflection (at ) and that of a complicated interaction (at ) with kinks’ capture and escape windows. Besides that, at below we observe the formation of a bound state of two oscillons, as well as their escape at some values of ."
"The CP phases associated with the sterile neutrino cannot be measured in the dedicated short-baseline experiments being built to test the sterile neutrino hypothesis. On the other hand, these phases can be measured in long-baseline experiments, even though the main goal of these experiments is not to test or measure sterile neutrino parameters. In particular, the sterile neutrino phase affects the charged-current electron appearance data in long-baseline experiment. In this paper we show how well the sterile neutrino phase can be measured by the next-generation long-baseline experiments DUNE, T2HK (and T2HKK). We also show the expected precision with which this sterile phase can be measured by combining the DUNE data with data from T2HK or T2HKK. The T2HK experiment is seen to be able to measure the sterile phase to a reasonable precision. We also present the sensitivity of these experiments to the sterile mixing angles, both by themselves, as well as when DUNE is combined with T2HK or T2HKK."
"We consider a five dimensional warped spacetime where the bulk geometry is governed by higher curvature &lt;i&gt;F&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity. In this model, we determine the modulus potential originating from the scalar degree of freedom of higher curvature gravity. In the presence of this potential, we investigate the possibility of modulus (radion) tunneling leading to an instability in the brane configuration. Our results reveal that the parametric regions where the tunneling probability is highly suppressed, corresponds to the parametric values required to resolve the gauge hierarchy problem."
"We study ultraviolet cutoffs associated with the Weak Gravity Conjecture (WGC) and Sublattice Weak Gravity Conjecture (sLWGC). There is a magnetic WGC cutoff at the energy scale with an associated sLWGC tower of charged particles. A more fundamental cutoff is the scale at which gravity becomes strong and field theory breaks down entirely. By clarifying the nature of the sLWGC for nonabelian gauge groups we derive a parametric upper bound on this strong gravity scale for arbitrary gauge theories. Intriguingly, we show that in theories approximately saturating the sLWGC, the scales at which loop corrections from the tower of charged particles to the gauge boson and graviton propagators become important are parametrically identical. This suggests a picture in which gauge fields emerge from the quantum gravity scale by integrating out a tower of charged matter fields. We derive a converse statement: if a gauge theory becomes strongly coupled at or below the quantum gravity scale, the WGC follows. We sketch some phenomenological consequences of the UV cutoffs we derive."
"The asymptotic safety scenario in gravity is accessed within the systematic vertex expansion scheme for functional renormalisation group flows put forward in Christiansen et al. (Phys Lett B 728:114, 2014), Christiansen et al. (Phy Rev D 93:044036, 2016), and implemented in Christiansen et al. (Phys Rev D 92:121501, 2015) for propagators and three-point functions. In the present work this expansion scheme is extended to the dynamical graviton four-point function. For the first time, this provides us with a closed flow equation for the graviton propagator: all vertices and propagators involved are computed from their own flows. In terms of a covariant operator expansion the current approximation gives access to , &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, as well as and higher derivative operators. We find a UV fixed point with three attractive and two repulsive directions, thus confirming previous studies on the relevance of the first three operators. In the infrared we find trajectories that correspond to classical general relativity and further show non-classical behaviour in some fluctuation couplings. We also find signatures for the apparent convergence of the systematic vertex expansion. This opens a promising path towards establishing asymptotically safe gravity in terms of apparent convergence."
"In this paper we consider the warped black hole solution of topologically massive gravity with a negative cosmological constant, and we study the possibility that it acts as a particle accelerator by analyzing the energy in the center of mass (CM) frame of two colliding particles in the vicinity of its horizon, which is known as the Bañnados, Silk and West (BSW) process. Mainly, we show that the critical angular momentum of the particle decreases when the warping parameter() increases. Also, we show that despite the particle with being able to exist for certain values of the conserved energy outside the horizon, it will never reach the event horizon; therefore, the black hole cannot act as a particle accelerator with arbitrarily high CM energy on the event horizon. However, such a particle could also exist inside the outer horizon, with the BSW process being possible on the inner horizon. On the other hand, for the extremal warped black hole, the particle with and energy &lt;i&gt;E&lt;i/&gt; could exist outside the event horizon and, the CM energy blows up on the event horizon if its conserved energy fulfills the condition , with the BSW process being possible."
"New jet observables are defined which characterize both fractal and scale-dependent contributions to the distribution of hadrons in a jet. These infrared safe observables, named Extended Fractal Observables (EFOs), have been applied to quark–gluon discrimination to demonstrate their potential utility. The EFOs are found to be individually discriminating and only weakly correlated to variables used in existing discriminators. Consequently, their inclusion improves discriminator performance, as here demonstrated with particle level simulation from the parton shower."
"A new concept for the direct measurement of muons in air showers is presented. The concept is based on resistive plate chambers (RPCs), which can directly measure muons with very good space and time resolution. The muon detector is shielded by placing it under another detector able to absorb and measure the electromagnetic component of the showers such as a water-Cherenkov detector, commonly used in air shower arrays. The combination of the two detectors in a single, compact detector unit provides a unique measurement that opens rich possibilities in the study of air showers."
"A physically realistic stellar model with a simple expression for the energy density and conformally flat interior is found. The relations between the different conditions are used without graphic proofs. It may represent a real pulsar."
"We investigate the Gauss–Bonnet dark energy model and its deformed version on Hořava–Lifshitz cosmology, which belongs to the class of cosmologies obtained from the so-called projectable version of Hořava–Lifshitz gravity. In particular, we investigate the bulk/boundary interaction in this scenario through the &lt;i&gt;Q&lt;i/&gt; function, which we interpret as a measure of the energy transference between the bulk and the spacetime boundary. Then we discuss whether the thermal equilibrium will be stable or not, once it is reached, and the validity of the generalized second law. We show that the &lt;i&gt;Q&lt;i/&gt; function can exhibit sign changes along the cosmic evolution and the Universe reaches the thermal equilibrium as a transient phenomenon."
"The background cosmological dynamics of the late Universe is analysed on the framework of a dark energy model described by an holographic Ricci dark energy component. Several kind of interactions between the dark energy and the dark matter components are considered herein. We solve the background cosmological dynamics for the different choices of interactions with the aim to analyse not only the current evolution of the universe but also its asymptotic behaviour and, in particular, possible future singularities removal. We show that in most of the cases, the Big Rip singularity, a finger print of this model in absence of an interaction between the dark sectors, is substituted by a de Sitter or a Minkowski state. Most importantly, we found two new &lt;i&gt; future&lt;i/&gt; bouncing solutions leading to two possible asymptotic behaviours, we named Little Bang and Little Sibling of the Big Bang. At a Little Bang, as the size of the universe shrinks to zero in an infinite cosmic time, the Hubble rate and its cosmic time derivative blow up. In addition, at a Little sibling of the Big Bang, as the size of the universe shrinks to zero in an infinite cosmic time, the Hubble rate blows up but its cosmic time derivative is finite. These two abrupt events can happen as well in the past."
"A key enabling technology for many liquid noble gas (LNG) detectors is the use of the common wavelength shifting medium tetraphenyl butadiene (TPB). TPB thin films are used to shift ultraviolet scintillation light into the visible spectrum for detection and event reconstruction. Understanding the wavelength shifting efficiency and optical properties of these films are critical aspects in detector performance and modeling and hence in the ultimate physics sensitivity of such experiments. This article presents the first measurements of the room-temperature microphysical quantum efficiency for vacuum-deposited TPB thin films – a result that is independent of the optics of the TPB or substrate. Also presented are measurements of the absorption length in the vacuum ultraviolet regime, the secondary re-emission efficiency, and more precise results for the “black-box” efficiency across a broader spectrum of wavelengths than previous results. The low-wavelength sensitivity, in particular, would allow construction of LNG scintillator detectors with lighter elements (Ne, He) to target light mass WIMPs."
"We study the effect of primordial black holes on the classical rate of nucleation of AdS regions within the standard electroweak vacuum at high temperature. We base our analysis on the assumption that, at temperatures much higher than the Hawking temperature, the main effect of the black hole is to distort the Higgs configuration dominating the transition to the new vacuum. We estimate the barrier for the transition by the ADM mass of this configuration, computed through the temperature-corrected Higgs potential. We find that the exponential suppression of the nucleation rate can be reduced significantly, or even eliminated completely, in the black-hole background if the Standard Model Higgs is coupled to gravity through the renormalizable term ."
"We predict the sterile neutrino spectrum of some of the key solar nuclear reactions and discuss the possibility of these being observed by the next generation of solar neutrino experiments. By using an up-to-date standard solar model with good agreement with current helioseismology and solar neutrino flux data sets, we found that from solar neutrino fluxes arriving on Earth only 3–4% correspond to the sterile neutrino. The most intense solar sources of sterile neutrinos are the &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; and nuclear reactions with a total flux of and , followed by the and nuclear reactions with a total flux of and . Moreover, we compute the sterile neutrino spectra of the nuclear proton–proton nuclear reactions – &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;hep&lt;i/&gt; and and the carbon–nitrogen–oxygen – , and and the spectral lines of ."
"In this paper, a new generalised gravity-matter coupled theory of gravity is presented. This theory is constructed by assuming an action with an arbitrary function which depends on the scalar torsion &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;, the boundary term and the matter Lagrangian . Since the function depends on &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt; which appears in , it is possible to also reproduce curvature-matter coupled models such as gravity. Additionally, the full theory also contains some interesting new teleparallel gravity-matter coupled theories of gravities such as or . The complete dynamical system for flat FLRW cosmology is presented and for some specific cases of the function, the corresponding cosmological model is studied. When it is necessary, the connection of our theory and the dynamical system of other well-known theories is discussed."
"In this paper, Quasinormal modes of gravitational perturbation are investigated for the regular Bardeen black hole surrounded by quintessence. Considering the metric of the Bardeen spacetime surrounded by quintessence, we derived the perturbation equation for gravitational perturbation using Regge-Wheeler gauge. The third order Wentzel-Kramers-Brillouin (WKB) approximation method is used to evaluate quasinormal frequencies. Explicitly, the behaviors of the black hole potential and quasinormal modes were plotted. The results show that, due to the presence of quintessence, the gravitational perturbation around the black hole damps more slowly and oscillates more slowly."
"To extend the BLMSSM, we not only add exotic Higgs superfields to make the exotic lepton heavy, but also introduce the superfields (&lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;,) having couplings with lepton and exotic lepton at tree level. The obtained model is called as EBLMSSM, which has difference from BLMSSM especially for the exotic slepton (lepton) and exotic sneutrino (neutrino). We deduce the mass matrices and the needed couplings in this model. To confine the parameter space, the Higgs boson mass and the processes , are studied in the EBLMSSM. With the assumed parameter space, we obtain reasonable numerical results according to data on Higgs from ATLAS and CMS. As a cold dark mater candidate, the relic density for the lightest mass eigenstate of &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt; and mixing is also studied."
"Motivated by the very recent cosmic-ray electron+positron excess observed by DAMPE collaboration, we investigate a Dirac fermion dark matter (DM) in the gauged model. DM interacts with the electron and muon via the gauge boson . The model can explain the DAMPE data well. Although a non-zero DM-nucleon cross section is only generated at one loop level and there is a partial cancellation between and couplings, we find that a large portion of mass is ruled out from direct DM detection limit leaving the allowed mass to be close to two times of the DM mass. Implications for and , and muon anomaly are also studied."
"Higgs pair production is a crucial phenomenological process in deciphering the nature of the TeV scale and the mechanism underlying electroweak symmetry breaking. At the Large Hadron Collider, this process is statistically limited. Pushing the energy frontier beyond the LHC’s reach will create new opportunities to exploit the rich phenomenology at higher centre-of-mass energies and luminosities. In this work, we perform a comparative analysis of the channel at a future 100 TeV hadron collider. We focus on the and channels and employ a range of analysis techniques to estimate the sensitivity potential that can be gained by including this jet-associated Higgs pair production to the list of sensitive collider processes in such an environment. In particular, we observe that in the boosted regime exhibits a large sensitivity to the Higgs boson self-coupling and the Higgs self-coupling could be constrained at the 8% level in this channel alone."
"We present a determination of the parton distribution functions of the proton in which NLO and NNLO fixed-order calculations are supplemented by NLL&lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt; small-&lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt; resummation. Deep-inelastic structure functions are computed consistently at or , while for hadronic processes small-&lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt; resummation is included only in the PDF evolution, with kinematic cuts introduced to ensure the fitted data lie in a region where the fixed-order calculation of the hard cross-sections is reliable. In all other respects, the fits use the same methodology and are based on the same global dataset as the recent NNPDF3.1 analysis. We demonstrate that the inclusion of small-&lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt; resummation leads to a quantitative improvement in the perturbative description of the HERA inclusive and charm-production reduced cross-sections in the small &lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt; region. The impact of the resummation in our fits is greater at NNLO than at NLO, because fixed-order calculations have a perturbative instability at small &lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt; due to large logarithms that can be cured by resummation. We explore the phenomenological implications of PDF sets with small-&lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt; resummation for the longitudinal structure function at HERA, for parton luminosities and LHC benchmark cross-sections, for ultra-high-energy neutrino–nucleus cross-sections, and for future high-energy lepton–proton colliders such as the LHeC."
"In a black hole, hair and quantum information retrieval are interrelated phenomena. The existence of any new form of hair necessarily implies the existence of features in the quantum-mechanically evaporated radiation. Therefore, classical supertranslation hair can be only distinguished from global diffeomorphisms if we have access to the interior of the black hole. Indirect information on the interior can only be obtained from the features of the quantum evaporation. We demonstrate that supertranslations can be used as bookkeepers of the probability distributions of the emitted quanta where the first element describes the classical injection of energy and the second one is associated to quantum-mechanical emission. However, the connection between and is determined by the interior quantum dynamics of the black hole. We argue that restricting to the diagonal subgroup is only possible for decoupled modes, which do not bring any non-trivial information about the black hole interior and therefore do not constitute physical hair. It is shown that this is also true for gravitational systems without horizon, for which both injection and emission can be described classically. Moreover, we discuss and clarify the role of infrared physics in purification."
"The VIolation of Pauli exclusion principle -2 experiment, or VIP-2 experiment, at the Laboratori Nazionali del Gran Sasso searches for X-rays from copper atomic transitions that are prohibited by the Pauli exclusion principle. Candidate direct violation events come from the transition of a 2&lt;i&gt;p&lt;i/&gt; electron to the ground state that is already occupied by two electrons. From the first data taking campaign in 2016 of VIP-2 experiment, we determined a best upper limit of for the probability that such a violation exists. Significant improvement in the control of the experimental systematics was also achieved, although not explicitly reflected in the improved upper limit. By introducing a simultaneous spectral fit of the signal and background data in the analysis, we succeeded in taking into account systematic errors that could not be evaluated previously in this type of measurements."
"We find an exact solution on the brane for a static black hole in the DGP model. In the appropriate limit we recover the two known solutions, the Schwarzschild and the Reissner–Nordström solutions with tidal charge. The solution has two branches, which correspond asymptotically to a de Sitter or flat Universe. Finally, we study the linear stability of the solutions. We find that the Regge–Wheeler and the Zerilli potential are positive and conclude on the stability."
"We present theoretical predictions for the production of top-quark pairs in association with jets at the LHC including electroweak (EW) corrections. First, we present and compare differential predictions at the fixed-order level for and production at the LHC considering the dominant NLO EW corrections of order and respectively together with all additional subleading Born and one-loop contributions. The NLO EW corrections are enhanced at large energies and in particular alter the shape of the top transverse momentum distribution, whose reliable modelling is crucial for many searches for new physics at the energy frontier. Based on the fixed-order results we motivate an approximation of the EW corrections valid at the percent level, that allows us to readily incorporate the EW corrections in the MePs@Nlo framework of Sherpa combined with OpenLoops. Subsequently, we present multi-jet merged parton-level predictions for inclusive top-pair production incorporating NLO QCD + EW corrections to and . Finally, we compare at the particle-level against a recent 8 TeV measurement of the top transverse momentum distribution performed by ATLAS in the lepton + jet channel. We find very good agreement between the Monte Carlo prediction and the data when the EW corrections are included."
"In this work we derive a general expression for the greybody factor of non-minimally coupled scalar fields in Reissner–Nordström–de Sitter spacetime in low frequency approximation. Greybody factor as a characteristic of effective potential barrier, will be presented. We discuss the role of cosmological constant both, in the absence as well as in the presence of non-minimal coupling. Considering non-minimal coupling as a mass term, its effect on the greybody factor will be discussed. We also elaborate the significance of the results by giving formulae of differential energy rate and general absorption cross section. The greybody factor gives insight into the spectrum of Hawking radiations."
"Ultraviolet self-interaction energies in field theory sometimes contain meaningful physical quantities. The self-energies in such as classical electrodynamics are usually subtracted from the rest mass. For the consistent treatment of energies as sources of curvature in the Einstein field equations, this study includes these subtracted self-energies into vacuum energy expressed by the constant Lambda (used in such as Lambda-CDM). In this study, the self-energies in electrodynamics and macroscopic classical Einstein field equations are examined, using the formalisms with the ultraviolet cut-off scheme. One of the cut-off formalisms is the field theory in terms of the step-function-type basis functions, developed by the present authors. The other is a continuum theory of a fundamental particle with the same cut-off length. Based on the effectiveness of the continuum theory with the cut-off length shown in the examination, the dominant self-energy is the quadratic term of the Higgs field at a quantum level (classical self-energies are reduced to logarithmic forms by quantum corrections). The cut-off length is then determined to reproduce today’s tiny value of Lambda for vacuum energy. Additionally, a field with nonperiodic vanishing boundary conditions is treated, showing that the field has no zero-point energy."
"A cosmological extension of the Eisenhart–Duval metric is constructed by incorporating a cosmic scale factor and the energy-momentum tensor into the scheme. The dynamics of the spacetime is governed by the Ermakov–Milne–Pinney equation. Killing isometries include spatial translations and rotations, Newton–Hooke boosts and translation in the null direction. Geodesic motion in Ermakov–Milne–Pinney cosmoi is analyzed. The derivation of the Ermakov–Lewis invariant, the Friedmann equations and the Dmitriev–Zel’dovich equations within the Eisenhart–Duval framework is presented."
"Aiming at exploring the nature of dark energy (DE), we use forty-three observational Hubble parameter data (OHD) in the redshift range to make a cosmological model-independent test of the CDM model with two-point diagnostic. In CDM model, with equation of state (EoS) , two-point diagnostic relation is tenable, where is the present matter density parameter, and &lt;i&gt;h&lt;i/&gt; is the Hubble parameter divided by 100 . We utilize two methods: the weighted mean and median statistics to bin the OHD to increase the signal-to-noise ratio of the measurements. The binning methods turn out to be promising and considered to be robust. By applying the two-point diagnostic to the binned data, we find that although the best-fit values of fluctuate as the continuous redshift intervals change, on average, they are continuous with being constant within 1 confidence interval. Therefore, we conclude that the CDM model cannot be ruled out."
"For local conformal field theories, it is shown how to construct an expression for the energy-momentum tensor in terms of a Wilsonian effective Lagrangian. Tracelessness implies a single, unintegrated equation which enforces both the Exact Renormalization Group equation and its partner encoding invariance under special conformal transformations."
"In this paper we investigate the past evolution of an anisotropic Bianchi I universe in gravity. Using the dynamical system approach we show that there exists a new two-parameter set of solutions that includes both an isotropic “false radiation” solution and an anisotropic generalized Kasner solution, which is stable. We derive the analytic behavior of the shear from a specific property of &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity and the analytic asymptotic form of the Ricci scalar when approaching the initial singularity. Finally, we numerically check our results."
"By solving the Muskhelishvili–Omnès integral equations, the scalar form factors of the semileptonic heavy meson decays , , and are simultaneously studied. As input, we employ unitarized heavy meson–Goldstone boson chiral coupled-channel amplitudes for the energy regions not far from thresholds, while, at high energies, adequate asymptotic conditions are imposed. The scalar form factors are expressed in terms of Omnès matrices multiplied by vector polynomials, which contain some undetermined dispersive subtraction constants. We make use of heavy quark and chiral symmetries to constrain these constants, which are fitted to lattice QCD results both in the charm and the bottom sectors, and in this latter sector to the light-cone sum rule predictions close to as well. We find a good simultaneous description of the scalar form factors for the four semileptonic decay reactions. From this combined fit, and taking advantage that scalar and vector form factors are equal at , we obtain , and for the involved Cabibbo–Kobayashi–Maskawa (CKM) matrix elements. In addition, we predict the following vector form factors at : , , and , which might serve as alternatives to determine the CKM elements when experimental measurements of the corresponding differential decay rates become available. Finally, we predict the different form factors above the regions accessible in the semileptonic decays, up to moderate energies amenable to be described using the unitarized coupled-channel chiral approach."
"We present GKG18-DPDFs, a next-to-leading order (NLO) QCD analysis of diffractive parton distribution functions (diffractive PDFs) and their uncertainties. This is the first global set of diffractive PDFs determined within the xFitter framework. This analysis is motivated by all available and most up-to-date data on inclusive diffractive deep inelastic scattering (diffractive DIS). Heavy quark contributions are considered within the framework of the Thorne–Roberts (TR) general mass variable flavor number scheme (GM-VFNS). We form a mutually consistent set of diffractive PDFs due to the inclusion of high-precision data from H1/ZEUS combined inclusive diffractive cross sections measurements. We study the impact of the H1/ZEUS combined data by producing a variety of determinations based on reduced data sets. We find that these data sets have a significant impact on the diffractive PDFs with some substantial reductions in uncertainties. The predictions based on the extracted diffractive PDFs are compared to the analyzed diffractive DIS data and with other determinations of the diffractive PDFs."
"We propose a new formula to explain circular velocity profiles of spiral galaxies obtained from the Starobinsky model in the Palatini formalism. It is based on the assumption that the gravity can be described by two conformally related metrics: one of them is responsible for the measurement of distances, while the other, the so-called dark metric, is responsible for a geodesic equation and therefore can be used for the description of the velocity profile. The formula is tested against a subset of galaxies taken from the HI Nearby Galaxy Survey (THINGS)."
"The present paper is devoted to investigate the possible emergence of relativistic compact stellar objects through modified &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity. For anisotropic matter distribution, we used Krori and Barura solutions and two notable and viable &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity formulations. By choosing particular observational data, we determine the values of constant in solutions for three relativistic compact star candidates. We have presented some physical behavior of these relativistic compact stellar objects and some aspects like energy density, radial as well as transverse pressure, their evolution, stability, Eos parameters, measure of anisotropy and energy conditions."
"We consider a simple extension of the Standard Model with flavor-dependent , that has been proposed to explain some of &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt;-meson anomalies recently reported at LHCb. The charge is chosen as a linear combination of anomaly-free and . In this model, the flavor structure in the SM is restricted due to flavor-dependent charges, in particular, quark mixings are induced by a small vacuum expectation value of the extra Higgs doublet. As a result, it is natural to get sizable flavor-violating Yukawa couplings of heavy Higgs bosons involving the bottom quark. In this article, we focus on the phenomenology of the Higgs sector of the model including extra Higgs doublet and singlet scalars. We impose various bounds on the extended Higgs sector from Higgs and electroweak precision data, &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt;-meson mixings and decays as well as unitarity and stability bounds, then discuss the productions and decays of heavy Higgs bosons at the LHC."
"Magnetic dipole moments of the negative parity light and heavy tensor mesons are calculated within the light cone QCD sum rules method. The results are compared with the positive parity counterparts of the corresponding tensor mesons. The results of the analysis show that the magnetic dipole moments of the negative parity light mesons are smaller compared to those of the positive parity mesons. Contrary to the light meson case, magnetic dipole moments of the negative parity heavy mesons are larger than the ones for the positive parity mesons."
"Studies of non-equilibrium dynamics of first-order cosmological phase transitions may involve a scalar field interacting weakly with the energy-momentum tensor of a thermal plasma. At late times, when the scalar field is approaching equilibrium, it experiences both damping and thermal fluctuations. We show that thermal fluctuations induce a shear viscosity and a gravitational wave production rate, and propose that including this tunable contribution may help in calibrating the measurement of the gravitational wave production rate in hydrodynamic simulations. Furthermore it may enrich their physical scope, permitting in particular for a study of the instability of growing bubbles."
"Gravitational waves in the presence of a non-minimal curvature-matter coupling are analysed, both in the Newman–Penrose and perturbation theory formalisms. Considering a cosmological constant as a source, the non-minimally coupled matter-curvature model reduces to &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) theories. This is in good agreement with the most recent data. Furthermore, a dark energy-like fluid is briefly considered, where the propagation equation for the tensor modes differs from the previous scenario, in that the scalar mode equation has an extra term, which can be interpreted as the longitudinal mode being the result of the mixture of two fundamental excitations and ."
"It is well known that for the pure standard model triplet fermionic WIMP-type dark matter (DM), the relic density is satisfied around 2 TeV. For such a heavy mass particle, the production cross-section at 13 TeV run of LHC will be very small. Extending the model further with a singlet fermion and a triplet scalar, DM relic density can be satisfied for even much lower masses. The lower mass DM can be copiously produced at LHC and hence the model can be tested at collider. For the present model we have studied the multi jet () + missing energy ( [see pdf] ) signal and show that this can be detected in the near future of the LHC 13 TeV run. We also predict that the present model is testable by the earth based DM direct detection experiments like Xenon-1T and in future by Darwin."
"The construction of exact solutions in scalar field inflationary cosmology is of growing interest. In this work, we review the results which have been obtained with the help of one of the most effective methods, viz., the method of generating functions for the construction of exact solutions in scalar field cosmology. We also include in the debate the superpotential method, which may be considered as the bridge to the slow roll approximation equations. Based on the review, we suggest a classification for the generating functions, and find a connection for all of them with the superpotential."
"In this article, we construct the scalar-diquark–scalar-diquark–antiquark type current to study the ground state triply-charmed pentaquark states with the QCD sum rules. We separate the contributions of the negative-parity and positive-parity triply-charmed pentaquark states explicitly, and take the energy scale formula to determine the optimal energy scales of the QCD spectral densities. The predicted pentaquark masses can be confronted to the experimental data in the future."
"We investigate the quasinormal modes and area/entropy spectrum for the noncommutative BTZ black hole. The exact expressions for QNM frequencies are presented by expanding the noncommutative parameter in horizon radius. We find that the noncommutativity does not affect conformal weights (), but it influences the thermal equilibrium. The intuitive expressions of the area/entropy spectrum are calculated in terms of Bohr–Sommerfeld quantization, and our results show that the noncommutativity leads to a nonuniform area/entropy spectrum. We also find that the coupling constant , which is the coupling between the scalar and the gravitational fields, shifts the QNM frequencies but not influences the structure of area/entorpy spectrum."
"The inflation stage has a behaviour as power law expansion like where constrained on the . If the inflation were preceded by a radiation era, then there would be thermal spectrum of relic gravitational waves at the time of inflation. Based on this idea we find new upper bound on by comparison the thermal spectrum with strain sensitivity of single pulsar timing. Also we show that sensitivity curve of single pulsar timing may be hopeful tool for detection of the spectrum in usual and thermal case by using the GW150914 data."
"In this article, we assign the to be the diquark-antidiquark type axialvector tetraquark state, study its magnetic moment with the QCD sum rules in the external weak electromagnetic field by carrying out the operator product expansion up to the vacuum condensates of dimension 8. We pay special attention to matching the hadron side with the QCD side of the correlation function to obtain solid duality, the routine can be applied to study other electromagnetic properties of the exotic particles."
"We study the evolution of a self interacting scalar field in Einstein-Gauss-Bonnet theory in four dimension where the scalar field couples non minimally with the Gauss-Bonnet term. Considering a polynomial coupling of the scalar field with the Gauss-Bonnet term, a self-interaction potential and an additional perfect fluid distribution alongwith the scalar field, we investigate different possibilities regarding the outcome of the collapsing scalar field. The strength of the coupling and choice of the self-interaction potential serves as the pivotal initial conditions of the models presented. The high degree of non-linearity in the equation system is taken care off by using a method of invertibe point transformation of anharmonic oscillator equation, which has proven itself very useful in recent past while investigating dynamics of minimally coupled scalar fields."
"We would like to rectify an error regarding the validity of the first law of thermodynamics (FLT) on the apparent horizon of a spatially flat Friedmann–Lemaitre–Robertson–Walker (FLRW) universe for the gravitationally induced particle creation scenario with constant specific entropy and an arbitrary particle creation rate (see Sect. 3.1 of original article)"
"We have recently constructed a manifestly local formulation of a nonlocal approach to the cosmological constant problem which can treat with quantum effects from both matter and gravitational fields. In this formulation, it has been explicitly shown that the effective cosmological constant is radiatively stable even in the presence of the gravitational loop effects. Since we are naturally led to add the term and the corresponding topological action to an original action, we make use of this formulation to account for the late-time acceleration of expansion of the universe in case of the open universes with infinite space-time volume. We will see that when the “scalaron”, which exists in the gravity as an extra scalar field, has a tiny mass of the order of magnitude , we can explain the current value of the cosmological constant in a consistent manner."
"A search for heavy resonances decaying into a pair of bosons leading to and final states, where stands for either an electron or a muon, is presented. The search uses proton–proton collision data at a centre-of-mass energy of 13  corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 36.1  collected with the ATLAS detector during 2015 and 2016 at the Large Hadron Collider. Different mass ranges for the hypothetical resonances are considered, depending on the final state and model. The different ranges span between 200 and 2000 . The results are interpreted as upper limits on the production cross section of a spin-0 or spin-2 resonance. The upper limits for the spin-0 resonance are translated to exclusion contours in the context of Type-I and Type-II two-Higgs-doublet models, while those for the spin-2 resonance are used to constrain the Randall–Sundrum model with an extra dimension giving rise to spin-2 graviton excitations."
"We construct a higher derivative theory involving an axionic field and the Weyl tensor in four dimensional spacetime. Up to the first order of the coupling parameters, the charged black brane solution with momentum dissipation in a perturbative manner is constructed. Metal–insulator transitions are implemented when varying the system parameters at zero temperature. Also, we study the transports including DC conductivity and optical conductivity at zero charge density. We observe the exact particle–vortex duality for some specific momentum dissipation strength."
"A search for new physics in events with a Z boson produced in association with large missing transverse momentum at the LHC is presented. The search is based on the 2016 data sample of proton-proton collisions recorded with the CMS experiment at , corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 35.9. The results of this search are interpreted in terms of a simplified model of dark matter production via spin-0 or spin-1 mediators, a scenario with a standard-model-like Higgs boson produced in association with the Z boson and decaying invisibly, a model of unparticle production, and a model with large extra spatial dimensions. No significant deviations from the background expectations are found, and limits are set on relevant model parameters, significantly extending the results previously achieved in this channel."
"In this article, we demonstrate that the inclusion of right-handed neutrino superfields in the Next-to-Minimal Supersymmetric Standard Model (NMSSM) makes it possible to impose universality conditions on the soft supersymmetry-breaking parameters at the Grand Unification scale, alleviating many of the problems of the so-called Constrained NMSSM. We have studied the renormalization group equations of this model, showing that right-handed neutrinos greatly contribute to driving the singlet Higgs mass-squared parameter negative, which makes it considerably easier to satisfy the conditions for radiative electroweak symmetry breaking. The new fields also lead to larger values of the Standard Model Higgs mass, thus making it easier to reproduce the measured value. As a consequence, all bounds from colliders and low-energy observables can be fulfilled in wide areas of the parameter space. However, the relic density in these regions is generally too high requiring some form of late entropy production to dilute the density of the lightest supersymmetric particle."
"We embed reflection symmetry into the minimal seesaw formalism, where two right-handed neutrinos are added to the Standard Model of particle physics. Assuming that both the left- and right-handed neutrino fields transform under reflection symmetry, we obtain the required forms of the neutrino Dirac mass matrix and the Majorana mass matrix for the right-handed neutrinos. To investigate the neutrino phenomenology at low energies, we first consider the breaking of reflection symmetry due to the renormalization group running, and then systematically study various breaking schemes by introducing explicit breaking terms at high energies."
"The ALICE data on light flavor hadron production obtained in &lt;i&gt;p&lt;i/&gt;–&lt;i&gt;Pb&lt;i/&gt; collisions at TeV are studied in the thermal model using the canonical approach with exact strangeness conservation. The chemical freeze-out temperature is independent of centrality except for the lowest multiplicity bin, with values close to 160 MeV but consistent with those obtained in &lt;i&gt;Pb&lt;i/&gt;–&lt;i&gt;Pb&lt;i/&gt; collisions at TeV. The value of the strangeness non-equilibrium factor is slowly increasing with multiplicity from 0.9 to 0.96, i.e. it is always very close to full chemical equilibrium."
"A study of the associated production of a boson and a charm quark jet (), and a comparison to production with a quark jet (), in collisions at a centre-of-mass energy of 8 are presented. The analysis uses a data sample corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 19.7, collected with the CMS detector at the CERN LHC. The boson candidates are identified through their decays into pairs of electrons or muons. Jets originating from heavy flavour quarks are identified using semileptonic decays of or flavoured hadrons and hadronic decays of charm hadrons. The measurements are performed in the kinematic region with two leptons with , , , and heavy flavour jets with and . The production cross section is measured to be . The ratio of the and production cross sections is measured to be . The production cross section and the cross section ratio are also measured as a function of the transverse momentum of the boson and of the heavy flavour jet. The measurements are compared with theoretical predictions."
"We consider schemes of neutrino mixing arising within the discrete symmetry approach to the well-known flavour problem. We concentrate on mixing schemes in which the cosine of the Dirac CP violation phase satisfies a sum rule by which it is expressed in terms of three neutrino mixing angles , , and , and a fixed real angle , whose value depends on the employed discrete symmetry and its breaking. We consider five underlying symmetry forms of the neutrino mixing matrix: bimaximal (BM), tri-bimaximal (TBM), golden ratio A (GRA) and B (GRB), and hexagonal (HG). For each symmetry form, the sum rule yields specific prediction for for fixed , , and . In the context of the proposed DUNE and T2HK facilities, we study (i) the compatibility of these predictions with present neutrino oscillation data, and (ii) the potential of these experiments to discriminate between various symmetry forms."
"This work presents an algorithm for modeling a static spherically symmetric compact object satisfying the Eiesland condition (Eiesland in Am Math Soc 27:213, 1925), a necessary and sufficient condition that a general centro-symmetric space shall be of the class 1. The model parameters are obtained accordingly by employing the boundary conditions to the interior solutions. The equation of state has been extracted from the solution and one found that it is &lt;i&gt;almost&lt;i/&gt; linear. These models are free of physical and geometric singularities and satisfy the necessary physical conditions to have astrophysical significance. The central and surface densities, and pressures of some compact stars like PSR J1614-2230, Vela X-1 have been calculated from these models. Detailed analyses of these models have also been made with the help of numerical and graphical studies."
"We connect two important conjectures in the theory of knot polynomials. The first one is the property for all single hook Young diagrams &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, which is known to hold for all knots. The second conjecture claims that all the mixing matrices in the relation between the &lt;i&gt;i&lt;i/&gt;th and the first generators of the braid group are universally expressible through the eigenvalues of . Since the above property of Alexander polynomials is very well tested, this relation provides new support to the eigenvalue conjecture, especially for , when its direct check by evaluation of the Racah matrices and their convolutions is technically difficult."
"The quasinormal frequencies of gravitational perturbation around some well-known regular black holes were investigated in this work. We consider complete perturbations of the energy-momentum tensor of electromagnetic part for non-linear electrodynamics and gravitational field. By using the WKB approximation and the asymptotic iteration method, we make a detailed analysis of the gravitational QNM frequencies by varying the characteristic parameters of the gravitational perturbation and the spacetime charge parameters of the regular black holes. It is found that the imaginary part of quasinormal modes as a function of the charge parameter has different monotonic behaviors for different black hole spacetimes. Moreover, the asymptotic expressions of gravitational QNMs for are obtained by using the eikonal limit method. We demonstrate that the gravitational perturbation is stable in all these spacetimes."
"We extend the entanglement entropy calculation performed in the seminal paper by Srednicki (Phys Rev Lett 71:666, 1993) for free real massive scalar field theories in , and dimensions. We show that the inverse of the scalar field mass can be used as an expansion parameter for a perturbative calculation of the entanglement entropy. We perform the calculation for the ground state of the system and for a spherical entangling surface at third order in the inverse mass expansion. The calculated entanglement entropy contains a leading area law term, as well as subleading terms that depend on the regularization scheme, as expected. Universal terms are non-perturbative effects in this approach. Interestingly, this perturbative expansion can be used to approximate the coefficient of the area law term, even in the case of a massless scalar field in and dimensions. The presented method provides the spectrum of the reduced density matrix as an intermediate result, which is an important advantage in comparison to the replica trick approach. Our perturbative expansion underlines the relation between the area law and the locality of the underlying field theory."
"We perform an updated analysis on the searches for the anomalous FCNC Yukawa interactions between the top quark, the Higgs boson, and either an up or charm quark ). We probe the observability of the FCNC top–Higgs couplings through the processes signal I) and signal II) at the proposed electron proton ep colliders, where the Higgs boson decays to a pair. We find that at the high-luminosity () ep colliders where the electrons have a polarization of and electron energy is typical 60 GeV, the 2 upper limits on are ) at the 7TeV@LHeC 50TeV@FCC-eh) for signal I and ) for signal II. We also give an estimate on how the sensitivity (taking signal I as example) would change when we reduce the electron beam energy from 60 to 50 GeV or even 40 GeV due to the cost. The conclusion is that the discovery potential is reduced () if the electron beam changes from 60 to 50 (40) GeV at the 7 TeV LHeC, and () at the 50 TeV FCC-eh."
"We study a general class of spinning pulsating strings in background. For these family of solitons, we examine the scaling relation between the energy, spin or angular momentum. We verify that in limit these relations reduce to the undeformed case. We further study an example of a string which is spinning in the -deformed and simultaneously and find out the scaling relation among various conserved charges."
"The main purpose of this paper is to discuss structure scalars in the context of gravity, where is the Gauss–Bonnet invariant and &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt; is the trace of stress energy tensor. For this aim, we have considered the spherically symmetric spacetime and dissipative anisotropic fluid coupled with radiation and heat ejecting shearing matter distributions. We have found these scalar variables by orthogonally decomposing the Riemann curvature tensor in gravity. Moreover, the evolution equations of shear and expansion are also developed with the help of these scalar functions. We have also analysed these scalars by taking and &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt; as constants for dust cloud. The physical behaviour of structure scalars for radiating matter distributions has been examined in the presence of modified gravity. It is shown that the evolutionary stages of relativistic stellar structures can be explored via modified scalar functions."
"In this paper we present a stepwise construction of the path integral over relativistic orbits in Euclidean spacetime. It is shown that the apparent problems of this path integral, like the breakdown of the naive Chapman–Kolmogorov relation, can be solved by a careful analysis of the overcounting associated with local and global symmetries. Based on this, the direct calculation of the quantum propagator of the relativistic point particle in the path integral formulation results from a simple and purely geometric construction."
"The presence of an unstable massive spin-2 ghost state in the renormalizable theory of massive conformal gravity leads to a pair of complex poles appearing in the first sheet of the energy plane. Here we show that the positions of these poles are gauge dependent, which makes the theory unitary."
"We compare contributions from the triangle diagram and the bubble chain with the processes of and . By fitting the maximum spectrum and the spectrum, we find that the triangle diagram cannot explain the new experimental results from BESIII Collaboration at center of mass at 4.23 and 4.26 GeV, simultaneously. On the contrary, the molecular assignment of gives a much better description."
"Rare decays, being dominated by short distance contributions within the standard model (SM), open a window for new physics (NP) searches at low energies. The branching ratios are expected to be measured with accuracies by NA62/CERN and KOTO/JPARC. The theoretical uncertainties of branching ratios within the SM are well under control. In the &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt; sector, it is tentative to explain the &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt;-meson anomalies and/or by effects of physics beyond the SM. Although NP seems to be present in the third fermion generation it might also manifest in the flavor changing neutral current transition . Together with the anticipated good experimental sensitivities and accurate theoretical predictions for , this motivates studies of correlated effects of NP in rare and decays. Here we consider the loop induced effects in in two leptoquark models designed to address lepton-flavor universality violation in the anomalies."
"We propose a new approach to generate messenger–matter interactions in deflected anomaly mediated SUSY breaking mechanism from typical holomorphic messenger–matter mixing terms in the Kahler potential. This approach is a unique feature of AMSB and has no analog in GMSB-type scenarios. New coupling strengths from the scaling of the (already known) Yukawa couplings always appear in this approach. With messenger–matter interactions in deflected AMSB, we can generate a realistic soft SUSY breaking spectrum for next-to-minimal supersymmetric standard model (NMSSM). Successful electroweak symmetry breaking conditions, which is not easy to satisfy in NMSSM for ordinary AMSB-type scenario, can be satisfied in a large portion of parameter space in our scenarios. We study the relevant phenomenology for scenarios with (Bino-like) neutralino and axino LSP, respectively. In the case of axino LSP, the SUSY contributions to can possibly account for the muon discrepancy. The corresponding gluino masses, which are found to below 2.2 TeV, could be tested soon at LHC."
"We consider the Palatini formulation of &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity theory, in which a non-minimal coupling between the Ricci scalar and the trace of the energy-momentum tensor is introduced, by considering the metric and the affine connection as independent field variables. The field equations and the equations of motion for massive test particles are derived, and we show that the independent connection can be expressed as the Levi-Civita connection of an auxiliary, energy-momentum trace dependent metric, related to the physical metric by a conformal transformation. Similar to the metric case, the field equations impose the non-conservation of the energy-momentum tensor. We obtain the explicit form of the equations of motion for massive test particles in the case of a perfect fluid, and the expression of the extra force, which is identical to the one obtained in the metric case. The thermodynamic interpretation of the theory is also briefly discussed. We investigate in detail the cosmological implications of the theory, and we obtain the generalized Friedmann equations of the &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity in the Palatini formulation. Cosmological models with Lagrangians of the type and are investigated. These models lead to evolution equations whose solutions describe accelerating Universes at late times."
"We study the semileptonic decay of meson into and the isospin zero , , resonances. We look at the reaction from the perspective that these resonaces appear as dynamically generated from the vector–vector interaction in the charm sector, and couple strongly to and . We also look into the and reactions close to threshold and relate the and mass distribution to the rate of production of the &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt; resonances."
"The CUPID-0 detector hosted at the Laboratori Nazionali del Gran Sasso, Italy, is the first large array of enriched scintillating cryogenic detectors for the investigation of Se neutrinoless double-beta decay (). CUPID-0 aims at measuring a background index in the region of interest (RoI) for at the level of 10 counts/(keV kg years), the lowest value ever measured using cryogenic detectors. CUPID-0 operates an array of ZnSe scintillating bolometers coupled with bolometric light detectors, with a state of the art technology for background suppression and thorough protocols and procedures for the detector preparation and construction. In this paper, the different phases of the detector design and construction will be presented, from the material selection (for the absorber production) to the new and innovative detector structure. The successful construction of the detector lead to promising preliminary detector performance which is discussed here."
"We study, within the Monte-Carlo Glauber model, centrality dependence of the midrapidity charged multiplicity density and of the anisotropy coefficients in Pb + Pb collisions at TeV and in Xe + Xe collisions at TeV. Calculations are performed for versions with and without nucleon meson cloud. The fraction of the binary collisions, , has been fitted to the data on in Pb + Pb collisions. We obtain with (without) meson cloud. The effect of meson cloud on the is relatively small. For Xe + Xe collisions for 0–5% centrality bin we obtain and 1134 with and without meson cloud, respectively. We obtain for most central collisions, and close to unity at [see pdf] . We find a noticeable increase of the eccentricity in Xe + Xe collisions at small centralities due to the prolate shape of the Xe nucleus. The triangularity in Xe + Xe collisions is bigger than in Pb + Pb collisions at [see pdf] . We obtain at [see pdf] ."
"After the Higgs discovery, precise measurements of the Higgs properties and the electroweak observables become vital for the experimental particle physics. A powerful Higgs/Z factory, the Circular Electron Positron Collider (CEPC) is proposed. The Particle Flow oriented detector design is proposed to the CEPC and a Particle Flow algorithm, Arbor is optimized accordingly. We summarize the physics object reconstruction performance of the Particle Flow oriented detector design with Arbor algorithm and conclude that this combination fulfills the physics requirement of CEPC."
"Stop coannihilation may bring the relic density of heavy supersymmetric dark matter particles into the range allowed by cosmology. The efficiency of this process is enhanced by stop-antistop annihilations into the longitudinal (Goldstone) modes of the &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; bosons, as well as by Sommerfeld enhancement of stop annihilations and the effects of bound states. Since the couplings of the stops to the Goldstone modes are proportional to the trilinear soft supersymmetry-breaking &lt;i&gt;A&lt;i/&gt;-terms, these annihilations are enhanced when the &lt;i&gt;A&lt;i/&gt;-terms are large. However, the Higgs mass may be reduced below the measured value if the &lt;i&gt;A&lt;i/&gt;-terms are too large. Unfortunately, the interpretation of this constraint on the stop coannihilation strip is clouded by differences between the available Higgs mass calculators. For our study, we use as our default calculator FeynHiggs 2.13.0, the most recent publicly available version of this code. Exploring the CMSSM parameter space, we find that along the stop coannihilation strip the masses of the stops are severely split by the large &lt;i&gt;A&lt;i/&gt;-terms. This suppresses the Higgs mass drastically for and , whilst the extent of the stop coannihilation strip is limited for and either sign of . However, in sub-GUT models, reduced renormalization-group running mitigates the effect of the large &lt;i&gt;A&lt;i/&gt;-terms, allowing larger LSP masses to be consistent with the Higgs mass calculation. We give examples where the dark matter particle mass may reach  TeV."
"We study the time evolution of the expectation value of a rectangular Wilson loop in strongly anisotropic time-dependent plasma using gauge-gravity duality. The corresponding gravity theory is given by describing time evolution of a classical string in the Lifshitz–Vaidya background. We show that the expectation value of the Wilson loop oscillates about the value of the static potential with the same parameters after the energy injection is over. We discuss how the amplitude and frequency of the oscillation depend on the parameters of the theory. In particular, for the transverse case, by raising the anisotropy parameter, we observe that the amplitude and frequency of the oscillation increase. In the longitudinal case, although the amplitude of the oscillation increases for larger values of anisotropy parameter, the frequency is independent of anisotropy parameter."
"We present a scale-invariant extension of the Standard model allowing for the Kim-Shifman-Vainstein-Zakharov (KSVZ) axion solution of the strong CP problem in QCD. We add the minimal number of new particles and show that the Peccei-Quinn scalar might be identified with the complex dilaton field. Scale invariance, together with the Peccei-Quinn symmetry, is broken spontaneously near the Planck scale before inflation, which is driven by the Standard Model Higgs field. We present a set of general conditions which makes this scenario viable and an explicit example of an effective theory possessing spontaneous breaking of scale invariance. We show that this description works both for inflation and low-energy physics in the electroweak vacuum. This scenario can provide a self-consistent inflationary stage and, at the same time, successfully avoid the cosmological bounds on the axion. Our general predictions are the existence of colored TeV mass fermion and the QCD axion. The latter has all the properties of the KSVZ axion but does not contribute to dark matter. This axion can be searched via its mixing to a photon in an external magnetic field."
"Full one-loop electroweak corrections for an process associated with sequential decay are discussed. At the one-loop level, the spin-polarization effects of the initial electron and positron beams are included in the total and differential cross sections. A narrow-width approximation is used to treat the top-quark production and decay while including full spin correlations between them. We observed that the radiative corrections due to the weak interaction have a large polarization dependence on both the total and the differential cross sections. Therefore, experimental observables that depend on angular distributions such as the forward–backward asymmetry of the top-production angle must be treated carefully including radiative corrections. We also observed that the energy distribution of bottom quarks is largely affected by the radiative corrections."
"We formulate the generalized Tolman–Oppenheimer–Volkoff equations for the Palatini gravity in the case of static and spherical symmetric geometry. We also show that a neutron star &lt;i&gt;can be a stable system&lt;i/&gt; independently of the form of the functional ."
"The thermodynamics of quarks and gluons strongly depends on the vacuum colormagnetic field, which grows with the temperature &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;, so that spatial string tension . We investigate below what happens when one imposes in addition constant magnetic field and discover remarkable structure of the resulting thermodynamic potential."
"Recent experimental observations of the charged hadron properties in collisions at 193 GeV contradict many of the theoretical models of particle production including two-component Monte Carlo Glauber model. The experimental results show a small correlation between the charged hadron properties and the initial geometrical configurations (e.g. body–body, tip–tip etc.) of collisions. In this article, we have modified the Monte Carlo HYDJET++ model to study the charged hadron production in collisions at 193 GeV center-of-mass energy in tip–tip and body–body initial configurations. We have modified the hard as well as soft production processes to make this model suitable for collisions. We have calculated the pseudorapidity distribution, transverse momentum distribution and elliptic flow distribution of charged hadrons with different control parameters in various geometrical configurations possible for collision. We find that HYDJET++ model supports a small correlation between the various properties of charged hadrons and the initial geometrical configurations of collision. Further, the results obtained in modified HYDJET++ model regarding and elliptic flow () suitably matches with the experimental data of collisions in minimum bias configuration."
"From solving the equations of the motion for a system of Einstein gravity coupled to a non-linear electromagnetic field in the dS spacetime with two integral constants, we derived a static and spherical symmetric non-linear magnetic-charged black hole. It is indicated that this black hole solution behaves like a dS geometry in the short-distance regime. And, thus this black hole is regular. The structure of the black hole horizons is studied in detail. Also, we investigated the thermodynamics and the thermal phase transition of the black hole in both the local and global views. By observing the discontinuous change of the specific heat sign and the swallowtail structure of the free energy, we showed that the black hole can undergo a thermal phase transition between a thermodynamically unstable phase and a thermodynamically stable phase."
"Ultra-compact objects describe horizonless solutions of the Einstein field equations which, like black-hole spacetimes, possess null circular geodesics (closed light rings). We study &lt;i&gt;analytically&lt;i/&gt; the physical properties of spherically symmetric ultra-compact isotropic fluid spheres with a polytropic equation of state. It is shown that these spatially regular horizonless spacetimes are generally characterized by two light rings with the property , where is the dimensionless compactness parameter of the self-gravitating matter configurations. In particular, we prove that, while black-hole spacetimes are characterized by the lower bound , horizonless ultra-compact objects may be characterized by the opposite dimensionless relation . Our results provide a simple analytical explanation for the interesting numerical results that have recently presented by Novotný et al. (Phys Rev D 95:043009, 2017)."
"Recently a new type of quadratic gauge was introduced in QCD in which the degrees of freedom are suggestive of a phase of abelian dominance. In its simplest form it is also free of Gribov ambiguity. However this gauge is not suitable for usual perturbation theory. The finite field dependent BRST (FFBRST) transformation is a method established to interrelate generating functionals for different effective versions of gauge fixed field theories. In this paper we propose a FFBRST transformation suitable for transforming the theory in the new quadratic gauge into the standard Lorenz gauge Faddeev–Popov version of the effective lagrangian. The task is made interesting by the fact that the effective lagrangian is invariant under two different BRST transformations which leads to suitable extension of the previous procedures to accomplish the required result. We are thus able to identify a field redefinition to go from a non-perturbative phase of QCD to perturbative QCD."
"The minimal &lt;i&gt;SO&lt;i/&gt;(5) / &lt;i&gt;SO&lt;i/&gt;(4) linear model is extended including an additional complex scalar field, singlet under the global &lt;i&gt;SO&lt;i/&gt;(5) and the Standard Model gauge symmetries. The presence of this scalar field creates the conditions to generate an axion &lt;i&gt;à la&lt;i/&gt; KSVZ, providing a solution to the strong CP problem, or an axion-like-particle. Different choices for the PQ charges are possible and lead to physically distinct Lagrangians. The internal consistency of each model necessarily requires the study of the scalar potential describing the , electroweak and PQ symmetry breaking. A single minimal scenario is identified and the associated scalar potential is minimised including counterterms needed to ensure one-loop renormalizability. In the allowed parameter space, phenomenological features of the scalar degrees of freedom, of the exotic fermions and of the axion are illustrated. Two distinct possibilities for the axion arise: either it is a QCD axion with an associated scale larger than TeV and therefore falling in the category of the invisible axions; or it is a more massive axion-like-particle, such as a 1 GeV axion with an associated scale of TeV, that may show up in collider searches."
"The original article can be found."
"Checking that a scalar potential is bounded from below (BFB) is an ubiquitous and notoriously difficult task in many models with extended scalar sectors. Exact analytic BFB conditions are known only in simple cases. In this work, we present a novel approach to algorithmically establish the BFB conditions for any polynomial scalar potential. The method relies on elements of multivariate algebra, in particular, on resultants and on the spectral theory of tensors, which is being developed by the mathematical community. We give first a pedagogical introduction to this approach, illustrate it with elementary examples, and then present the working Mathematica implementation publicly available at GitHub. Due to the rapidly increasing complexity of the problem, we have not yet produced ready-to-use analytical BFB conditions for new multi-scalar cases. But we are confident that the present implementation can be dramatically improved and may eventually lead to such results."
"Based on our recent work on the discretization of the radial geometry of extremal BH horizons, we present a toy model for the chaotic unitary evolution of infalling single-particle wave packets. We construct explicitly the eigenstates and eigenvalues for the single-particle dynamics for an observer falling into the BH horizon, with as time evolution operator the quantum Arnol’d cat map (QACM). Using these results we investigate the validity of the eigenstate thermalization hypothesis (ETH), as well as that of the fast scrambling time bound (STB). We find that the QACM, while possessing a linear spectrum, has eigenstates, which are random and satisfy the assumptions of the ETH. We also find that the thermalization of infalling wave packets in this particular model is exponentially fast, thereby saturating the STB, under the constraint that the finite dimension of the single-particle Hilbert space takes values in the set of Fibonacci integers."
"The equilibrium configuration and the radial stability of white dwarfs composed of charged perfect fluid are investigated. These cases are analyzed through the results obtained from the solution of the hydrostatic equilibrium equation. We regard that the fluid pressure and the fluid energy density follow the relation of a fully degenerate electron gas. For the electric charge distribution in the object, we consider that it is centralized only close to the white dwarfs’ surfaces. We obtain larger and more massive white dwarfs when the total electric charge is increased. To appreciate the effects of the electric charge in the structure of the star, we found that it must be in the order of with which the electric field is about . For white dwarfs with electric fields close to the Schwinger limit, we obtain masses around . We also found that in a system constituted by charged static equilibrium configurations, the maximum mass point found on it marks the onset of the instability. This indicates that the necessary and sufficient conditions to recognize regions constituted by stable and unstable equilibrium configurations against small radial perturbations are respectively and ."
"The purpose of this paper is to obtain exact solutions for charged anisotropic spherically symmetric matter configuration. For this purpose, we consider known solution for isotropic spherical system in the presence of electromagnetic field and extend it to two types of anisotropic charged solutions through gravitational decoupling approach. We examine physical characteristics of the resulting models. It is found that only first solution is physically acceptable as it meets all the energy bounds as well as stability criterion. We conclude that stability of the first model is enhanced with the increase of charge."
"In this work, we obtain the loop quantum cosmology dynamical equations, plus a positive cosmological constant, from the Bekenstein–Hawking entropy-area relation given by Loop Quantum Black Holes, by the use of the Jacobson formalism (Phys Rev Lett 75:1260, 1995). The results found out may set a still absent connection between holography and the description of the cosmos given by loop quantum cosmology."
"We present a determination of the strong coupling constant based on the NNPDF3.1 determination of parton distributions, which for the first time includes constraints from jet production, top-quark pair differential distributions, and the &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; distributions using exact NNLO theory. Our result is based on a novel extension of the NNPDF methodology – the correlated replica method – which allows for a simultaneous determination of and the PDFs with all correlations between them fully taken into account. We study in detail all relevant sources of experimental, methodological and theoretical uncertainty. At NNLO we find , showing that methodological uncertainties are negligible. We conservatively estimate the theoretical uncertainty due to missing higher order QCD corrections (NLO and beyond) from half the shift between the NLO and NNLO values, finding ."
"We study the &lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt;-wave bound state in the Bethe–Salpeter formalism in the ladder and instantaneous approximations. With the kernel generated by the hadronic effective Lagrangian, two open-charmed bound states, which quantum numbers are ,  and , , respectively, are predicted as new candidates of hadronic pentaquark molecules in our formalism. If existing, they could contribute to the broad 3188 MeV structure near the five new narrow states observed recently by the LHCb Collaboration."
"This paper deals with the cancellation mechanism, which identifies the energy density of space-time expansion in an empty universe with the zero-point energy density and avoids the scale discrepancy with the observed energy density (cosmological constant problem). Using an intrinsic degree of freedom which describes the coupling of a variable cosmological term with non-relativistic matter and radiation, the following consequences are demonstrated by coupling only a small contribution of with non-relativistic matter. First, the standard model of cosmology with a positive cosmological constant can be generalised such that the missing mass problem of dark matter is solved by an overall negative variable cosmological term. Second, the model under consideration is compatible with constraints from the standard model of particle physics. Third, an equation of state parameter of dark matter is derived which agrees with observations of rotational curves of galaxies. Moreover, the creation and annihilation process of dark matter is presented."
"Inhomogeneous cosmological models such as the Stephani universes could, in principle, provide an explanation for the observed accelerated expansion of the Universe. Working with a concrete, popular model of the Stephani cosmology – the Stephani-Da̧browski model, we found that it is entropically viable. We also comment on the energy conditions and the two-sheeted geometry of the spacetime. However, similar to the LTB models, despite satisfying the holographic principle, Stephani cosmology has difficulty satisfying all the constraints from observations."
"In numerical investigations of supersymmetric Yang–Mills theory on a lattice, the supersymmetric Ward identities are valuable for finding the critical value of the hopping parameter and for examining the size of supersymmetry breaking by the lattice discretisation. In this article we present an improved method for the numerical analysis of supersymmetric Ward identities, which takes into account the correlations between the various observables involved. We present the first complete analysis of supersymmetric Ward identities in supersymmetric Yang–Mills theory with gauge group SU(3). The results indicate that lattice artefacts scale to zero as towards the continuum limit in agreement with theoretical expectations."
"It is possible that measurements of vector boson scattering (VBS) processes at the LHC will reveal disagreement with Standard Model predictions, but no new particles will be observed directly. The task is then to learn as much as possible about the new physics from a VBS analysis carried within the framework of the Effective Field Theory (EFT). In this paper we discuss issues related to the correct usage of the EFT when the &lt;i&gt;WW&lt;i/&gt; invariant mass is not directly accessible experimentally, as in purely leptonic &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; decay channels. Strategies for future data analyses in case such scenario indeed occurs are proposed."
"We investigate the braneworld gravity starting from the non-conservative gravitational field equations in a five-dimensional bulk. The approach is based on the Gauss–Codazzi formalism along with the study of the braneworld consistency conditions. The effective gravitational equations on the brane are obtained and the constraint leading to a brane energy-momentum conservation is analyzed."
"The results of a search for new heavy bosons decaying to an electron or muon and a neutrino using proton–proton collision data at a centre-of-mass energy of  TeV are presented. The dataset was collected in 2015 and 2016 by the ATLAS experiment at the Large Hadron Collider and corresponds to an integrated luminosity of 36.1 . As no excess of events above the Standard Model prediction is observed, the results are used to set upper limits on the boson cross-section times branching ratio to an electron or muon and a neutrino as a function of the mass. Assuming a boson with the same couplings as the Standard Model &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; boson, masses below 5.1 TeV are excluded at the 95% confidence level."
"We study the propagation of a neutrino in a medium that consists of two or more thermal backgrounds of electrons and nucleons moving with some relative velocity, in the presence of a static and homogeneous electromagnetic field. We calculate the neutrino self-energy and dispersion relation using the linear thermal Schwinger propagator, we give the formulas for the dispersion relation and discuss general features of the results obtained, in particular the effects of the stream contributions. As a specific example we discuss in some detail the case of a magnetized two-stream electron, i.e., two electron backgrounds with a relative velocity in the presence of a magnetic field. For a neutrino propagating with momentum , in the presence of the stream the neutrino dispersion relation acquires an anisotropic contribution of the form in addition to the well known term , as well as an additional contribution proportional to . We consider the contribution from a nucleon stream background as an example of other possible stream backgrounds, and comment on possible generalizations to take into account the effects of inhomogeneous fields. We explain why a term of the form does not appear in the dispersion relation in the constant field case, while a term of similar form can appear in the presence of an inhomogeneous field involving its gradient."
"Higher-dimensional theories admit astrophysical objects like supermassive black holes, which are rather different from standard ones, and their gravitational lensing features deviate from general relativity. It is well known that a black hole shadow is a dark region due to the falling geodesics of photons into the black hole and, if detected, a black hole shadow could be used to determine which theory of gravity is consistent with observations. Measurements of the shadow sizes around the black holes can help to evaluate various parameters of the black hole metric. We study the shapes of the shadow cast by the rotating five-dimensional charged Einstein–Maxwell–Chern–Simons (EMCS) black holes, which is characterized by four parameters, i.e., mass, two spins, and charge, in which the spin parameters are set equal. We integrate the null geodesic equations and derive an analytical formula for the shadow of the five-dimensional EMCS black hole, in turn, to show that size of black hole shadow is affected due to charge as well as spin. The shadow is a dark zone covered by a deformed circle, and the size of the shadow decreases with an increase in the charge &lt;i&gt;q&lt;i/&gt; when compared with the five-dimensional Myers–Perry black hole. Interestingly, the distortion increases with charge &lt;i&gt;q&lt;i/&gt;. The effect of these parameters on the shape and size of the naked singularity shadow of the five-dimensional EMCS black hole is also discussed."
"The production of scalar particles by the dipole magnetic field in de Sitter expanding universe is analyzed. The amplitude and probability of transition are computed using perturbative methods. A graphical study of the transition probability is performed obtaining that the rate of pair production is important in the early universe. Our results prove that in the process of pair production by the external magnetic field the momentum conservation law is broken. We also found that the probabilities are maximum when the particles are emitted perpendicular to the direction of magnetic dipole momentum. The total probability is computed and is analysed in terms of the angle between particles momenta."
"In this work we study classical bouncing solutions in the context of gravity in a flat FLRW background using a perfect fluid as the only matter content. Our investigation is based on introducing an effective fluid through defining effective energy density and pressure; we call this reformulation as the “&lt;i&gt;effective picture&lt;i/&gt;”. These definitions have been already introduced to study the energy conditions in gravity. We examine various models to which different effective equations of state, corresponding to different functions, can be attributed. It is also discussed that one can link between an assumed model in the effective picture and the theories with generalized equation of state (EoS). We obtain cosmological scenarios exhibiting a nonsingular bounce before and after which the Universe lives within a de-Sitter phase. We then proceed to find general solutions for matter bounce and investigate their properties. We show that the properties of bouncing solution in the effective picture of gravity are as follows: for a specific form of the function, these solutions are without any future singularities. Moreover, stability analysis of the nonsingular solutions through matter density perturbations revealed that except two of the models, the parameters of scalar-type perturbations for the other ones have a slight transient fluctuation around the bounce point and damp to zero or a finite value at late times. Hence these bouncing solutions are stable against scalar-type perturbations. It is possible that all energy conditions be respected by the real perfect fluid, however, the null and the strong energy conditions can be violated by the effective fluid near the bounce event. These solutions always correspond to a maximum in the real matter energy density and a vanishing minimum in the effective density. The effective pressure varies between negative values and may show either a minimum or a maximum."
"The mass and pole residue of the first orbitally and radially excited state as well as the ground state residue are calculated by means of the two-point QCD sum rules. Using the obtained results for the spectroscopic parameters, the strong coupling constants relevant to the decays and are calculated within the light-cone QCD sum rules and width of these decay channels are estimated. The obtained results for the mass of and ratio of the , with representing the orbitally excited state in channel, are in nice agreement with the experimental data of the Belle Collaboration. This allows us to conclude that the state, most probably, has negative parity."
"We present a calculation of the elliptic flow of electrons from beauty-hadron decays in semi-central Pb–Pb collisions at centre-of-mass energy per colliding nucleon pair, represented as , of 2.76 TeV. The result is obtained by the subtraction of the charm-quark contribution in the elliptic flow of electrons from heavy-flavour hadron decays in semi-central Pb–Pb collisions at recently made publicly available by the ALICE collaboration."
"We present a new analysis framework called “Correlation Analysis Tool using the Schrödinger equation” (CATS) which computes the two-particle femtoscopy correlation function &lt;i&gt;C&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;k&lt;i/&gt;), with &lt;i&gt;k&lt;i/&gt; being the relative momentum for the particle pair. Any local interaction potential and emission source function can be used as an input and the wave function is evaluated exactly. In this paper we present a study on the sensitivity of &lt;i&gt;C&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;k&lt;i/&gt;) to the interaction potential for different particle pairs: p–p, p–, –p, –p, p– and –. For the p–p Argonne and Reid Soft-Core potentials have been tested. For the other pair systems we present results based on strong potentials obtained from effective Lagrangians such as EFT for p–, Jülich models for –N and Nijmegen models for –. For the p– pairs we employ the latest lattice results from the HAL QCD collaboration. Our detailed study of different interacting particle pairs as a function of the source size and different potentials shows that femtoscopic measurements can be exploited in order to constrain the final state interactions among hadrons. In particular, small collision systems of the order of 1 fm, as produced in pp collisions at the LHC, seem to provide a suitable environment for quantitative studies of this kind."
"We elaborate on the anholonomic frame deformation method, AFDM, for constructing exact solutions with quasiperiodic structure in modified gravity theories, MGTs, and general relativity, GR. Such solutions are described by generic off-diagonal metrics, nonlinear and linear connections and (effective) matter sources with coefficients depending on all spacetime coordinates via corresponding classes of generation and integration functions and (effective) matter sources. There are studied effective free energy functionals and nonlinear evolution equations for generating off-diagonal quasiperiodic deformations of black hole and/or homogeneous cosmological metrics. The physical data for such functionals are stated by different values of constants and prescribed symmetries for defining quasiperiodic structures at cosmological scales, or astrophysical objects in nontrivial gravitational backgrounds some similar forms as in condensed matter physics. It is shown how quasiperiodic structures determined by general nonlinear, or additive, functionals for generating functions and (effective) sources may transform black hole like configurations into cosmological metrics and inversely. We speculate on possible implications of quasiperiodic solutions in dark energy and dark matter physics. Finally, it is concluded that geometric methods for constructing exact solutions consist an important alternative tool to numerical relativity for investigating nonlinear effects in astrophysics and cosmology."
"We performed Pulse Shape Analysis to separate single-scattered gamma energy deposition events from multiple-scattered photons in a high-sensitivity -ray spectrometer. The spectrometer is based on a Broad Energy High Purity Germanium detector and the developed technique uses multivariate analysis by an application of the Multi-Layer Perceptron Neural Network. A very good separation of the single-site- and multi-site events was achieved leading to a significant reduction of the background level of the investigated spectrometer – the double escape peak, rich in single-site events, was reduced by 95%, while the full energy peaks lost at most 25% of their counts. The peak to Compton ratio, calculated for the 2614.5 keV gamma line from Tl, was improved by 114.3%."
"The incomplete particle identification limits the experimentally-available phase space region for identified particle analysis. This problem affects ongoing fluctuation and correlation studies including the search for the critical point of strongly interacting matter performed on SPS and RHIC accelerators. In this paper we provide a procedure to obtain &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt;th order moments of the multiplicity distribution using the identity method, generalising previously published solutions for and . Moreover, we present an open source software implementation of this computation, called &lt;i&gt;Idhim&lt;i/&gt;, that allows one to obtain the true moments of identified particle multiplicity distributions from the measured ones provided the response function of the detector is known."
"The Weakly Interacting Massive Particle (WIMP) has been one of the most attractive candidates for Dark Matter (DM), and the lightest neutralino () in the Next-to-Minimal Supersymmetric Standard Model (NMSSM) is an interesting realization of the WIMP framework. The Galactic Center Excess (GCE) indicated from the analysis of the photon data of the &lt;i&gt;Fermi&lt;i/&gt; Large Area Telescope (Fermi-LAT) in the gamma-ray wavelength , can be explained by WIMP DM annihilations in the sky, as shown in many existing works. In this work we consider an interesting scenario in the -NMSSM where the singlet &lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt; and Singlino components play important roles in the Higgs and DM sector. Guided by our analytical arguments, we perform a sophisticated scan over the NMSSM parameter space by considering various observables such as the Standard Model (SM) Higgs data measured by the ATLAS and CMS experiments at the Large Hadron Collider (LHC), and the &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt;-physics observables and . We first collect samples which can explain the GCE well while passing all constraints we consider except for the DM direct detection (DD) bounds from XENON1T and PandaX-II experiments. We analyze the features of these samples suitable for the GCE interpretation and find that DM are mostly Singlino-like and annihilation products are mostly the bottom quark pairs through a light singlet-like CP-odd Higgs . Moreover, a good fit to the GCE spectrum generically requires sizable DM annihilation rates in today’s Universe. However, the correlation between the coupling in and the coupling in DM-neutron Spin Dependent (SD) scattering rate makes all samples we obtain for GCE explanation get excluded by the PandaX-II results. Although the DM resonant annihilation scenarios may be beyond the reach of our analytical approximations and scan strategy, the aforementioned correlation can be a reasonable motivation for future experiments such as PandaX-nT to further test the NMSSM interpretation of GCE."
"We investigate the gluon Wigner distributions for unpolarized, longitudinally polarized and transversely polarized target state. Instead of a nucleon, we take the target state to be a quark dressed with a gluon at one loop and investigate the gluon Wigner distributions at leading twist. Better numerical convergence is obtained compared to an earlier study, that removes the regulator dependence of the results. We present a first calculation of the Wigner distribution for the transversely polarized target and linearly polarized gluon. We study the spin densities in momentum and impact parameter space. We also investigate the quark and gluon helicity and orbital angular momentum distributions at small-&lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt;."
"The Gerda collaboration is performing a sensitive search for neutrinoless double beta decay of at the INFN Laboratori Nazionali del Gran Sasso, Italy. The upgrade of the Gerda experiment from Phase I to Phase II has been concluded in December 2015. The first Phase II data release shows that the goal to suppress the background by one order of magnitude compared to Phase I has been achieved. Gerda is thus the first experiment that will remain “background-free” up to its design exposure (). It will reach thereby a half-life sensitivity of more than year within 3 years of data collection. This paper describes in detail the modifications and improvements of the experimental setup for Phase II and discusses the performance of individual detector components."
"We determine from first principles the quark mass anomalous dimension in QCD between the electroweak and hadronic scales. This allows for a fully non-perturbative connection of the perturbative and non-perturbative regimes of the Standard Model in the hadronic sector. The computation is carried out to high accuracy, employing massless -improved Wilson quarks and finite-size scaling techniques. We also provide the matching factors required in the renormalisation of light quark masses from lattice computations with -improved Wilson fermions and a tree-level Symanzik improved gauge action. The total uncertainty due to renormalisation and running in the determination of light quark masses in the SM is thus reduced to about ."
"If dark matter is composed of new particles, these may become captured after scattering with nuclei in the Sun, thermalize through additional scattering, and finally annihilate into neutrinos that can be detected on Earth. If dark matter scatters inelastically into a slightly heavier () state it is unclear whether thermalization occurs. One issue is that up-scattering from the lower mass state may be kinematically forbidden, at which point the thermalization process effectively stops. A larger evaporation rate is also expected due to down-scattering. In this work, we perform a numerical simulation of the capture and thermalization process in order to study the evolution of the dark matter distribution. We then calculate and compare the annihilation rate with that of the often assumed Maxwell–Boltzmann distribution. We also check if equilibrium between capture and annihilation is reached. We find that, unless the mass splitting is very small () and/or the dark matter has a sub-dominant elastic cross section, the dark matter distribution does not reach a stationary state, it is not isothermal, annihilation is severely suppressed, and equilibrium is generally not reached. We also find that evaporation induced by down-scattering is not effective in reducing the total dark matter abundance."
"An anti-de Sitter background four-dimensional type N solution of the Einstein’s field equations, is presented. The matter-energy content pure radiation field satisfies the null energy condition (NEC), and the metric is free-from curvature divergence. In addition, the metric admits a non-expanding, non-twisting and shear-free geodesic null congruence which is not covariantly constant. The space-time admits closed time-like curves which appear after a certain instant of time in a causally well-behaved manner. Finally, the physical interpretation of the solution, based on the study of the equation of the geodesics deviation, is analyzed."
"We have considered the perturbation equations governing the growth of fluctuations during inflation in generalized scalar tensor theory . We have found that the scalar metric perturbations at very early times are negligible compared to the scalar field perturbation, just like general relativity. At sufficiently early times, when the physical momentum of perturbation mode, &lt;i&gt;q&lt;i/&gt; / &lt;i&gt;a&lt;i/&gt; is much larger than the Hubble parameter &lt;i&gt;H&lt;i/&gt;, i.e. , we have obtained the metric and scalar field perturbation in the form of WKB solutions up to an undetermined coefficient. Then we have quantized the scalar fluctuations and expanded the metric and the scalar field perturbations with the help of annihilation and creation operators of the scalar field perturbation. The standard commutation relations of annihilation and creation operators fix the unknown coefficient. Going over to the gauge invariant quantities which are conserved beyond the horizon, we have obtained the initial condition of the generalized Mukhanov–Sasaki equation. Then a similar procedure is performed for the case of tensor metric perturbation. As an example of the generalized Mukhanov–Sasaki equation and its initial condition, we have proposed a power-law functional form as and obtained an exact inflationary solution. In this background, then we have discussed how the scalar and tensor fluctuations grow."
"We discuss some physical prospective of the non-BPS effective actions of type IIA and IIB superstring theories. By dealing with all complete three and four point functions, including a closed Ramond–Ramond string (in terms of both its field strength and its potential), gauge (scalar) fields as well as a real tachyon and under symmetry structures, we find various restricted world volume and bulk Bianchi identities. The complete forms of the non-BPS scattering amplitudes including their Chan–Paton factors are elaborated. All the singularity structures of the non-BPS amplitudes, their all order higher-derivative corrections, their contact terms and various modified Bianchi identities are derived. Finally, we show that scattering amplitudes computed in different super-ghost pictures are compatible when suitable Bianchi identities are imposed on the Ramond–Ramond fields. Moreover, we argue that the higher-derivative expansion in powers of the momenta of the tachyon is universal."
"We investigate the Cabbibo–Ferrari, two-potential approach to magnetic charge coupled to two different complex scalar fields, and , each having different electric and magnetic charges. The scalar field, , is assumed to have a spontaneous symmetry breaking self-interaction potential which gives a mass to the “magnetic” gauge potential and “magnetic” photon, while the other “electric” gauge potential and “electric” photon remain massless. The magnetic photon is hidden until one reaches energies of the order of the magnetic photon rest mass. The second scalar field, , is required in order to make the theory non-trivial. With only one field one can always use a duality rotation to rotate away either the electric or magnetic charge, and thus decouple either the associated electric or magnetic photon. In analyzing this system of two scalar fields in the Cabbibo–Ferrari approach we perform several duality and gauge transformations, which require introducing non-Dirac conditions on the initial electric and magnetic charges. We also find that due to the symmetry breaking the usual Dirac condition is altered to include the mass of the magnetic photon. We discuss the implications of these various conditions on the charges."
"In this paper, we investigate the effects of nonlinear exponential electrodynamics as well as backreaction on the properties of one-dimensional &lt;i&gt;s&lt;i/&gt;-wave holographic superconductors. We continue our study both analytically and numerically. In analytical study, we employ the Sturm–Liouville method while in numerical approach we perform the shooting method. We obtain a relation between the critical temperature and chemical potential analytically. Our results show a good agreement between analytical and numerical methods. We observe that the increase in the strength of both nonlinearity and backreaction parameters causes the formation of condensation in the black hole background harder and critical temperature lower. These results are consistent with those obtained for two dimensional &lt;i&gt;s&lt;i/&gt;-wave holographic superconductors."
"The MEG experiment, designed to search for the decay, completed data-taking in 2013 reaching a sensitivity level of for the branching ratio. In order to increase the sensitivity reach of the experiment by an order of magnitude to the level of , a total upgrade, involving substantial changes to the experiment, has been undertaken, known as MEG II. We present both the motivation for the upgrade and a detailed overview of the design of the experiment and of the expected detector performance."
"We calculate the electromagnetic multipole moments of the pentaquark by modeling it as the diquark–diquark–antiquark and molecular state with quantum numbers . In particular, the magnetic dipole, electric quadrupole and magnetic octupole moments of this particle are extracted in the framework of light-cone QCD sum rule. The values of the electromagnetic multipole moments obtained via two pictures differ substantially from each other, which can be used to pin down the underlying structure of . The comparison of any future experimental data on the electromagnetic multipole moments of the pentaquark with the results of the present work can shed light on the nature and inner quark organization of this state."
"We analyze the polarization content of gravitational waves in Horndeski theory. Besides the familiar plus and cross polarizations in Einstein’s General Relativity, there is one more polarization state which is the mixture of the transverse breathing and longitudinal polarizations. The additional mode is excited by the massive scalar field. In the massless limit, the longitudinal polarization disappears, while the breathing one persists. The upper bound on the graviton mass severely constrains the amplitude of the longitudinal polarization, which makes its detection highly unlikely by the ground-based or space-borne interferometers in the near future. However, pulsar timing arrays might be able to detect the polarization excited by the massive scalar field. Since additional polarization states appear in alternative theories of gravity, the measurement of the polarizations of gravitational waves can be used to probe the nature of gravity. In addition to the plus and cross states, the detection of the breathing polarization means that gravitation is mediated by massless spin 2 and spin 0 fields, and the detection of both the breathing and longitudinal states means that gravitation is propagated by the massless spin 2 and massive spin 0 fields."
"Recently the cosmological dynamics of an anisotropic Universe in &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity became an area of intense investigations. Some earlier papers devoted to this issue contain contradictory claims about the nature and propertied of vacuum solutions in this theory. The goal of the present paper is to clarify this situation. We compare properties of &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) and &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) vacuum solutions and outline differences between them. The Kasner solution appears to be an exact solution for the branch, and an asymptotic solution for the branch. It is shown that the Kasner solution is a past attractor if , being a past and future attractor for the branch."
"We study the iron line shape expected in the reflection spectrum of accretion disks around black holes in asymptotically safe gravity. We compare the results of our simulations with the iron line shapes expected in the reflection spectrum of accretion disks around Kerr black holes to see if the technique of iron line spectroscopy can be used as a tool to test asymptotically safe gravity. Our analysis shows that current X-ray facilities are surely unable to distinguish black holes in asymptotically safe gravity from black holes in Einstein’s gravity. In the case of the next generation of X-ray missions, which promise to provide unprecedented high quality data, the question remains open because it cannot be addressed within our simplified model."
"We demonstrate a model which captures certain attractive features of &lt;i&gt;SU&lt;i/&gt;(5) theory, while providing a possible escape from proton decay. In this paper we show how ladder operators arise from the division algebras , , , and . From the &lt;i&gt;SU&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt;) symmetry of these ladder operators, we then demonstrate a model which has much structural similarity to Georgi and Glashow’s &lt;i&gt;SU&lt;i/&gt;(5) grand unified theory. However, in this case, the transitions leading to proton decay are expected to be blocked, given that they coincide with presumably forbidden transformations which would incorrectly mix distinct algebraic actions. As a result, we find that we are left with . Finally, we point out that if &lt;i&gt;U&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt;) ladder symmetries are used in place of &lt;i&gt;SU&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt;), it may then be possible to find this same , together with an extra symmetry, related to ."
"The paper deals with an extensive study of null and timelike geodesics in the background of wormhole geometries. Starting with a spherically symmetric spacetime, null geodesics are analyzed for the Morris–Thorne wormhole (WH) and photon spheres are examined in WH geometries. Both bounded and unbounded orbits are discussed for timelike geodesics. A similar analysis has been done for trajectories in a dynamic spherically symmetric WH and for a rotating WH. Finally, the invariant angle method of Rindler and Ishak has been used to calculate the angle between radial and tangential vectors at any point on the photon’s trajectory."
"In this paper we address two important issues which could affect reaching the exponential and Kasner asymptotes in Einstein–Gauss–Bonnet cosmologies—spatial curvature and anisotropy in both three- and extra-dimensional subspaces. In the first part of the paper we consider the cosmological evolution of spaces that are the product of two isotropic and spatially curved subspaces. It is demonstrated that the dynamics in (the number of extra dimensions) and is different. It was already known that for the -term case there is a regime with “stabilization” of extra dimensions, where the expansion rate of the three-dimensional subspace as well as the scale factor (the “size”) associated with extra dimensions reaches a constant value. This regime is achieved if the curvature of the extra dimensions is negative. We demonstrate that it takes place only if the number of extra dimensions is . In the second part of the paper we study the influence of the initial anisotropy. Our study reveals that the transition from Gauss–Bonnet Kasner regime to anisotropic exponential expansion (with three expanding and contracting extra dimensions) is stable with respect to breaking the symmetry within both three- and extra-dimensional subspaces. However, the details of the dynamics in and are different. Combining the two described effects allows us to construct a scenario in , where isotropization of outer and inner subspaces is reached dynamically from rather general anisotropic initial conditions."
"Using continuum extrapolated lattice data we trace a family of running couplings in three-flavour QCD over a large range of scales from about 4 to 128 GeV. The scale is set by the finite space time volume so that recursive finite size techniques can be applied, and Schrödinger functional (SF) boundary conditions enable direct simulations in the chiral limit. Compared to earlier studies we have improved on both statistical and systematic errors. Using the SF coupling to implicitly define a reference scale  GeV through , we quote . This error is dominated by statistics; in particular, the remnant perturbative uncertainty is negligible and very well controlled, by connecting to infinite renormalization scale from different scales for . An intermediate step in this connection may involve any member of a one-parameter family of SF couplings. This provides an excellent opportunity for tests of perturbation theory some of which have been published in a letter (ALPHA collaboration, M. Dalla Brida et al. in Phys Rev Lett 117(18):182001, 2016). The results indicate that for our target precision of 3 per cent in , a reliable estimate of the truncation error requires non-perturbative data for a sufficiently large range of values of . In the present work we reach this precision by studying scales that vary by a factor , reaching down to . We here provide the details of our analysis and an extended discussion."
"We study the quantum backreaction from inflationary fluctuations of a very light, non-minimally coupled spectator scalar and show that it is a viable candidate for dark energy. The problem is solved by suitably adapting the formalism of stochastic inflation. This allows us to self-consistently account for the backreaction on the background expansion rate of the Universe where its effects are large. This framework is equivalent to that of semiclassical gravity in which matter vacuum fluctuations are included at the one loop level, but purely quantum gravitational fluctuations are neglected. Our results show that dark energy in our model can be characterized by a distinct effective equation of state parameter (as a function of redshift) which allows for testing of the model at the level of the background."
"Simple generic extensions of isotropic Durgapal–Fuloria stars to the anisotropic domain are presented. These anisotropic solutions are obtained by guided minimal deformations over the isotropic system. When the anisotropic sector interacts in a purely gravitational manner, the conditions to decouple both sectors by means of the minimal geometric deformation approach are satisfied. Hence the anisotropic field equations are isolated resulting a more treatable set. The simplicity of the equations allows one to manipulate the anisotropies that can be implemented in a systematic way to obtain different realistic models for anisotropic configurations. Later on, observational effects of such anisotropies when measuring the surface redshift are discussed. To conclude, the consistency of the application of the method over the obtained anisotropic configurations is shown. In this manner, different anisotropic sectors can be isolated of each other and modeled in a simple and systematic way."
"By applying the Faddeev–Jackiw symplectic approach we systematically show that both the local gauge symmetry and the constraint structure of topologically massive gravity with a cosmological constant , elegantly encoded in the zero-modes of the symplectic matrix, can be identified. Thereafter, via a suitable partial gauge-fixing procedure, the time gauge, we calculate the quantization bracket structure (generalized Faddeev–Jackiw brackets) for the dynamic variables and confirm that the number of physical degrees of freedom is one. This approach provides an alternative to explore the dynamical content of massive gravity models."
"The neutrino mass experiment KATRIN requires a stability of 3 ppm for the retarding potential at − 18.6 kV of the main spectrometer. To monitor the stability, two custom-made ultra-precise high-voltage dividers were developed and built in cooperation with the German national metrology institute Physikalisch-Technische Bundesanstalt (PTB). Until now, regular absolute calibration of the voltage dividers required bringing the equipment to the specialised metrology laboratory. Here we present a new method based on measuring the energy difference of two Kr conversion electron lines with the KATRIN setup, which was demonstrated during KATRIN’s commissioning measurements in July 2017. The measured scale factor of the high-voltage divider K35 is in agreement with the last PTB calibration 4 years ago. This result demonstrates the utility of the calibration method, as well as the long-term stability of the voltage divider."
"In this paper we study the coupling of &lt;i&gt;p&lt;i/&gt;-form fields with geometrical tensor fields, namely Ricci, Einstein, Horndeski and Riemann in Randall–Sundrum scenarios with co-dimension one. We consider delta-like and branes generated by a kink and a domain wall. We begin by a detailed study of the Kalb–Ramond (KR) field. The analysis of KR field is very rich since it is a tensorial object and more complex non-minimal couplings are possible. The generalization to &lt;i&gt;p&lt;i/&gt;-forms can provide more information about the properties and structures that can possibly be universal in the geometrical localization mechanism. The zero mode is treated separately and conditions for localization of zero modes of &lt;i&gt;p&lt;i/&gt;-forms are found for all the cases above and with this we arrive at the above conclusion about vector fields. Another property that can be tested is the absence of resonances found in the case of vector fields. For this we analyze the possible unstable massive modes for all the above cases via transmission coefficient. Our conclusion is that we have more probability to observe massive unstable modes in the Ricci and Riemann coupling."
"We analyse the consequences of a new gauge invariant Fayet–Iliopoulos (FI) term proposed recently to a class of inflation models driven by supersymmetry breaking with the inflaton being the superpartner of the goldstino. We first show that charged matter fields can be consistently added with the new term, as well as the standard FI term in supergravity in a Kähler frame where the &lt;i&gt;U&lt;i/&gt;(1) is not an R-symmetry. We then show that the slow-roll conditions can be easily satisfied with inflation driven by a D-term depending on the two FI parameters. Inflation starts at initial conditions around the maximum of the potential where the &lt;i&gt;U&lt;i/&gt;(1) symmetry is restored and stops when the inflaton rolls down to the minimum describing the present phase of our Universe. The resulting tensor-to-scalar ratio of primordial perturbations can be even at observable values in the presence of higher order terms in the Kähler potential."
"Reduced relativistic gas (RRG) is a useful approach to describe the warm dark matter (WDM) or the warmness of baryonic matter in the approximation when the interaction between the particles is irrelevant. The use of Maxwell distribution leads to the complicated equation of state of the Jüttner model of relativistic ideal gas. The RRG enables one to reproduce the same physical situation but in a much simpler form. For this reason RRG can be a useful tool for the theories with some sort of a “new Physics”. On the other hand, even without the qualitatively new physical implementations, the RRG can be useful to describe the general features of WDM in a model-independent way. In this sense one can see, in particular, to which extent the cosmological manifestations of WDM may be dependent on its Particle Physics background. In the present work RRG is used as a complementary approach to derive the main observational features for the WDM in a model-independent way. The only assumption concerns a non-negligible velocity &lt;i&gt;v&lt;i/&gt; for dark matter particles which is parameterized by the warmness parameter &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;. The relatively high values of &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt; ( ) erase the radiation (photons and neutrinos) dominated epoch and cause an early warm matter domination after inflation. Furthermore, RRG approach enables one to quantify the lack of power in linear matter spectrum at small scales and in particular, reproduces the relative transfer function commonly used in context of WDM with accuracy of . A warmness with (equivalent to km/s) does not alter significantly the CMB power spectrum and is in agreement with the background observational tests."
"Discovery of &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(5568) brings up a tremendous interest because it is very special, i.e. made of four different flavors. The D0 collaboration claimed that they observed this resonance through portal , but unfortunately, later the LHCb, CMS, CDF and ATLAS collaborations’ reports indicate that no such state was found. Almost on the Eve of 2017, the D0 collaboration reconfirmed existence of &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(5568) via the semileptonic decay of . To further reveal the discrepancy, supposing &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(5568) as a molecular state, we calculate the decay rate of in an extended light front model. Numerically, the theoretically predicted decay width of is 20.28 MeV which is consistent with the result of the D0 collaboration ( MeV). Since the resonance is narrow, signals might be drowned in a messy background. In analog, two open-charm molecular states &lt;i&gt;DK&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;BD&lt;i/&gt; named as and , could be in the same situation. The rates of and are estimated as about 30 and 20 MeV respectively. We suggest the experimental collaborations round the world to search for these two modes and accurate measurements may provide us with valuable information."
"We assume a physical situation where gravity with torsion is neglected for an electrodynamically self-interacting spinor that will be taken in its rest-frame and spin-eigenstate: we demonstrate that under this circumstance no solution exists for the system of field equations. Despite such a situation might look artificial nevertheless it represents the instance that is commonly taken as the basis for all computations of quantum electrodynamics."
"We perform the stability analysis of Schwarzschild-AdS (SAdS) black hole in the Einstein–Ricci cubic gravity. It shows that the Ricci tensor perturbations exhibit unstable modes for small black holes. We call this the mass-induced instability of SAdS black hole because the instability of small black holes arises from the massiveness in the linearized Einstein–Ricci cubic gravity, but not a feature of higher-order derivative theory giving ghost states. Also, we point out that the correlated stability conjecture holds for the SAdS black hole by computing the Wald entropy of SAdS black hole in Einstein–Ricci cubic gravity."
"Magnetars are neutron stars presenting bursts and outbursts of X- and soft-gamma rays that can be understood with the presence of very large magnetic fields. In this setting, nonlinear electrodynamics should be taken into account for a more accurate description of such compact systems. We study that in the context of ideal magnetohydrodynamics and make a realization of our analysis to the case of the well known Born–Infeld (BI) electromagnetism in order to come up with some of its astrophysical consequences. We focus here on toroidal magnetic fields as motivated by already known magnetars with low dipolar magnetic fields and their expected relevance in highly magnetized stars. We show that BI electrodynamics leads to larger toroidal magnetic fields when compared to Maxwell’s electrodynamics. Hence, one should expect higher production of gravitational waves (GWs) and even more energetic giant flares from nonlinear stars. Given current constraints on BI’s scale field, giant flare energetics and magnetic fields in magnetars, we also find that the maximum magnitude of magnetar ellipticities should be –. Besides, BI electrodynamics may lead to a maximum increase of order 10–20 of the GW energy radiated from a magnetar when compared to Maxwell’s, while much larger percentages may arise for other physically motivated scenarios. Thus, nonlinear theories of the electromagnetism might also be probed in the near future with the improvement of GW detectors."
"A set of power-law solutions of a conformal-violating Maxwell model with a non-standard scalar-vector coupling will be shown in this paper. In particular, we are interested in a coupling term of the form with &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt; denoting the kinetic term of the scalar field. Stability analysis indicates that the new set of anisotropic power-law solutions is unstable during the inflationary phase. The result is consistent with the cosmic no-hair conjecture. We show, however, that a set of stable slowly expanding solutions does exist for a small range of parameters and &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt;. Hence a small anisotropy can survive during the slowly expanding phase."
"A generic expression to compute triple-parton scattering (TPS) cross sections in high-energy proton–nucleus (pA) collisions is derived as a function of the corresponding single-parton cross sections and an effective parameter encoding the transverse parton profile of the proton. The TPS cross sections are enhanced by a factor of about in pPb as compared to those in proton–nucleon collisions at the same center-of-mass energy. Estimates for triple charm () and bottom () production in pPb collisions at LHC and FCC energies are presented based on next-to-next-to-leading-order calculations for and single-parton cross sections. At  TeV, about 10% of the pPb events have three pairs produced in separate partonic interactions. At  TeV, the pPb cross sections for triple- and triple- are (1–10 mb). In the most energetic collisions of cosmic rays in the upper atmosphere, equivalent to  400 TeV, the TPS cross section equals the total p–Air inelastic cross section."
"In this work we re-investigate pros and cons of mutated hilltop inflation. Applying Hamilton–Jacobi formalism we solve inflationary dynamics and find that inflation goes on along the branch of the Lambert function. Depending on the model parameter mutated hilltop model renders two types of inflationary solutions: one corresponds to small inflaton excursion during observable inflation and the other describes large field inflation. The inflationary observables from curvature perturbation are in tune with the current data for a wide range of the model parameter. The small field branch predicts negligible amount of tensor to scalar ratio , while the large field sector is capable of generating high amplitude for tensor perturbations, . Also, the spectral index is almost independent of the model parameter along with a very small negative amount of scalar running. Finally we find that the mutated hilltop inflation closely resembles the -attractor class of inflationary models in the limit of ."
"We present a unified evolution of the universe from very early times until the present epoch by including both the leading local correction and the leading non-local term to the classical gravitational action. We find that the inflationary phase driven by term gracefully exits in a transitory regime characterized by coherent oscillations of the Hubble parameter. The universe then naturally enters into a radiation dominated epoch followed by a matter dominated era. At sufficiently late times after radiation–matter equality, the non-local term starts to dominate inducing an accelerated expansion of the universe at the present epoch. We further exhibit the fact that both the leading local and non-local terms can be obtained within the covariant effective field theory of gravity. This scenario thus provides a unified picture of inflation and dark energy in a single framework by means of a purely gravitational action without the usual need of a scalar field."
"The detection of gravitational waves (GWs) provides a powerful tool to constrain the cosmological parameters. In this paper, we investigate the possibility of using GWs as standard sirens in testing the anisotropy of the universe. We consider the GW signals produced by the coalescence of binary black hole systems and simulate hundreds of GW events from the advanced laser interferometer gravitational-wave observatory and Virgo. It is found that the anisotropy of the universe can be tightly constrained if the redshift of the GW source is precisely known. The anisotropic amplitude can be constrained with an accuracy comparable to the Union2.1 complication of type-Ia supernovae if GW events are observed. As for the preferred direction, GW events are needed in order to achieve the accuracy of Union2.1. With 800 GW events, the probability of pseudo anisotropic signals with an amplitude comparable to Union2.1 is negligible. These results show that GWs can provide a complementary tool to supernovae in testing the anisotropy of the universe."
"We correct the vacuum stability conditions for two Higgs doublet model with real couplings."
"Due to an oversight of ours in proofreading and a communication problem with the publisher, the figures published in F. Becattini &lt;i&gt;et al.&lt;i/&gt; Eur. Phys. J. C (2015) 75: 406 were not correct. This Erratum contains the correct figures as in arXiv 1501.04468v2, submitted on March 12 2015, and the post-publication version arXiv 1501.04468v3, submitted on August 17 2015."
"From the viewpoint of holography, we study the behaviors of the entanglement entropy in insulator/superconductor transition with exponential nonlinear electrodynamics (ENE). We find that the entanglement entropy is a good probe to the properties of the holographic phase transition. Both in the half space and the belt space, the non-monotonic behavior of the entanglement entropy in superconducting phase versus the chemical potential is general in this model. Furthermore, the behavior of the entanglement entropy for the strip geometry shows that the confinement/deconfinement phase transition appears in both insulator and superconductor phases. And the critical width of the confinement/deconfinement phase transition depends on the chemical potential and the exponential coupling term. More interestingly, the behaviors of the entanglement entropy in their corresponding insulator phases are independent of the exponential coupling factor but depends on the width of the subsystem ."
"We study the possibility of the LHeC facility to disentangle different new physics contributions to the production of heavy sterile Majorana neutrinos in the lepton number violating channel (). This is done investigating the angular and polarization trails of effective operators with distinct Dirac–Lorentz structure contributing to the Majorana neutrino production, which parameterize new physics from a higher energy scale. We study an asymmetry in the angular distribution of the final anti-lepton and the initial electron polarization effect on the number of signal events produced by the vectorial and scalar effective interactions, finding both analyses could well separate their contributions."
"A small-scale, two-phase (liquid/gas) xenon time projection chamber (&lt;i&gt;Xurich II&lt;i/&gt;) was designed, constructed and is under operation at the University of Zürich. Its main purpose is to investigate the microphysics of particle interactions in liquid xenon at energies below 50 keV, which are relevant for rare event searches using xenon as target material. Here we describe in detail the detector, its associated infrastructure, and the signal identification algorithm developed for processing and analysing the data. We present the first characterisation of the new instrument with calibration data from an internal Kr source. The zero-field light yield is 15.0 and 14.0 photoelectrons/keV at 9.4 and 32.1 keV, respectively, and the corresponding values at an electron drift field of 1 kV/cm are 10.8 and 7.9 photoelectrons/keV. The charge yields at these energies are 28 and 31 electrons/keV, with the proportional scintillation yield of 24 photoelectrons per one electron extracted into the gas phase, and an electron lifetime of 200 s. The relative energy resolution, , is 11.9 and 5.8% at 9.4 and 32.1 keV, respectively using a linear combination of the scintillation and ionisation signals. We conclude with measurements of the electron drift velocity at various electric fields, and compare these to literature values."
"We will study the cosmological implications of the five dimensional scalar–vector and scalar-Kalb–Ramond model. In particular, a new set of Bianchi type I power-law analytic solution will be obtained for this model. The cosmic no-hair conjecture can be shown to break down in the presence of the scalar–vector and scalar-Kalb–Ramond couplings. The effect of the Kalb–Ramond field in the presence of the power-law solution will be shown explicitly. We will also show that the presence of a phantom field does, however, destabilize the corresponding Bianchi type I power-law inflationary solutions."
"Metric-torsion effects on chiral massless fermions are investigated in the realm of the adiabatic amplification of cosmological magnetic fields (CMFs) in a general relativistic framework and in the framework of Einstein–Cartan (EC) bouncing cosmologies. In GR the chiral effect is proportional to the Hubble factor and the solution of the dynamo equation leads to an adiabatic magnetic field, while in Einstein–Cartan bouncing cosmology we have non-adiabatic magnetic fields where the breaking of adiabaticity is given by a torsion term. Using a EWPT magnetic field of the order of G at 5 pc scale, we obtain a CMF in EC of the order of G, which is still able to seed a galactic dynamo which amplifies this field up to galactic magnetic fields of four orders of magnitude, which is a mild dynamo. In the case of massive chiral fermions it is shown that torsion actually attenuated the convective dynamo term in the dynamo equation obtained from the QED of an electron–positron pair . Chiral effects on general relativity may lead to strong magnetic fields of the order of G at the early universe resulting from pure metric effects. Strong magnetic fields of the order of G may be obtained from very strong seed fields. At 1 Mpc scale of the present universe a galactic dynamo seed of the order of G is found. It is shown in this paper that chiral dynamo effects in the expanded universe can be obtained if one takes into account the speed of the cosmic plasma."
"Using a novel observable that relies on the momentum difference of the two most energetic subjets within a jet we study the internal structure of high-energy jets simulated by several Monte Carlo event generators that implement the partonic energy-loss in a dense partonic medium. Based on inclusive jet and dijet production we demonstrate that is an effective tool to discriminate between different models of jet modifications over a broad kinematic range. The new quantity, while preserving the collinear and infrared safety of modern jet algorithms, it is experimentally attractive because of its inherent resilience against backgrounds of heavy-ion collisions."
"We have addressed the study of non-leptonic weak decays of heavy hadrons ( and &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt;), with external and internal emission to give two final hadrons, taking into account the spin-angular momentum structure of the mesons and baryons produced. A detailed angular momentum formulation is developed which leads to easy final formulas. By means of them we have made predictions for a large amount of reactions, up to a global factor, common to many of them, that we take from some particular data. Comparing the theoretical predictions with the experimental data, the agreement found is quite good in general and the discrepancies should give valuable information on intrinsic form factors, independent of the spin structure studied here. The formulas obtained are also useful in order to evaluate meson-meson or meson-baryon loops, for instance of &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt; decays, in which one has PP, PV, VP or VV intermediate states, with P for pseudoscalar mesons and V for vector meson and lay the grounds for studies of decays into three final particles."
"The relativistic quark model based on the quasipotential approach with the QCD-motivate potential is employed for the calculation of the form factors of the rare weak transitions. Their momentum dependence is explicitly determined without additional assumptions and extrapolations in the whole kinematical range of the momentum transfer squared . The differential decay branching fractions and angular distributions are calculated on the basis of these form factors. Both the perturbative and effective Wilson coefficients, which include contributions of vector meson resonances, are used. The calculated branching fraction of the rare decay is well consistent with the experimental upper limit very recently set by the LHCb Collaboration."
"Precise measurements of optical transition frequencies between Rydberg states of hydrogen-like ions could be used to obtain an improved value of the Rydberg constant, by avoiding the uncertainties about the proton radius. Motivated by this perspective, we investigate the influence of the gravitational interaction on the energy levels of Hydrogen-like ions in Rydberg states in a braneworld model. As it is known, in this scenario, the gravitational interaction is amplified in short distances. We show that, for Rydberg states, the main contribution for the gravitational potential energy does not come from the rest energy concentrated on the nucleus but from the energy of the electromagnetic field created by its electric charge. The reason is connected to the fact that, when the ion is in a Rydberg state with high angular momentum, the gravitational potential is not computable in zero-width brane approximation due to the gravitational influence of the electrovacuum in which the lepton is moving. Considering a thick brane scenario, we calculate the gravitational potential energy associated to the nucleus charge in terms of the confinement parameter of the electric field in the brane. We show that the gravitational effects on the energy levels of a Rydberg state can be amplified by hidden dimensions even when the compactification scale is shorter than the Bohr radius."
"We demonstrate that spin flipping transitions occur between various quarkonium spin states due to transient magnetic field produced in non central heavy ion collisions (HICs). The inhomogeneous nature of the magnetic field results in &lt;i&gt;non adiabatic evolution&lt;i/&gt; of (spin)states of quarkonia moving inside the transient magnetic environment. Our calculations explicitly show that the consideration of azimuthal inhomogeneity gives rise to dynamical mixing between different spin states owing to Majorana spin flipping. Notably, this effect of non-adiabaticity is novel and distinct from previously predicted mixing of the singlet and one of the triplet states of quarkonia in the presence of a static and homogeneous magnetic field."
"We consider the general gauge theory with a closed irreducible gauge algebra possessing the non-anomalous global (super)symmetry in the case when the gauge fixing procedure violates the global invariance of classical action. The theory is quantized in the framework of BRST-BV approach in the form of functional integral over all fields of the configuration space. It is shown that the global symmetry transformations are deformed in the process of quantization and the full quantum action is invariant under such deformed global transformations in the configuration space. The deformed global transformations are calculated in an explicit form in the one-loop approximation."
"Models of induced-gravity inflation are formulated within Supergravity employing as inflaton the Higgs field which leads to a spontaneous breaking of a symmetry at . We use a renormalizable superpotential, fixed by a &lt;i&gt;U&lt;i/&gt;(1) R symmetry, and Kähler potentials which exhibit a quadratic non-minimal coupling to gravity with or without an independent kinetic mixing in the inflaton sector. In both cases we find inflationary solutions of Starobinsky type whereas in the latter case, others (more marginal) which resemble those of linear inflation arise too. In all cases the inflaton mass is predicted to be of the order of . Extending the superpotential of the model with suitable terms, we show how the MSSM parameter can be generated. Also, non-thermal leptogenesis can be successfully realized, provided that the gravitino is heavier than about ."
"In this paper, we investigate the behavior of a scalar particle within the Yukawa-like potential in a Gödel-type space-time for any &lt;i&gt;l&lt;i/&gt;. The behavior of a spinless particle is analyzed in the presence of a topological defect with analytical solutions to the Klein–Gordon equation. By using the generalized series and Nikiforov-Uvarof (NU) methods, we deduce the energy eigenvalues and eigenfunctions. We have discussed on the obtained results."
"By using predictions from the Pythia 8 Monte Carlo event generator, we determine the energy-dependent turn-over values () of the partonic cross section for the simulation of multiparton interactions. Since the observed energy dependence of the values is not well described by a power-law function, we introduce an additional energy-dependent term, to better describe the experimental observations in the energy range . We obtain a similar level of agreement for predictions using various parton densities."
"We show that quantum gravity, whatever its ultra-violet completion might be, could account for dark matter. Indeed, besides the massless gravitational field recently observed in the form of gravitational waves, the spectrum of quantum gravity contains two massive fields respectively of spin 2 and spin 0. If these fields are long-lived, they could easily account for dark matter. In that case, dark matter would be very light and only gravitationally coupled to the standard model particles."
"In this work we investigate the consequences of running gravitational coupling on the properties of rotating black holes. Apart from the changes induced in the space-time structure of such black holes, we also study the implications to Penrose process and geodetic precession. We are motivated by the functional form of gravitational coupling previously investigated in the context of infra-red limit of asymptotic safe gravity theory. In this approach, the involvement of a new parameter in this solution makes it different from Schwarzschild black hole. The Killing horizon, event horizon and singularity of the computed metric is then discussed. It is noticed that the ergosphere is increased as increases. Considering the black hole solution in equatorial plane, the geodesics of particles, both null and time like cases, are explored. The effective potential is computed and graphically analyzed for different values of parameter . The energy extraction from black hole is investigated via Penrose process. For the same values of spin parameter, the numerical results suggest that the efficiency of Penrose process is greater in quantum corrected gravity than in Kerr Black Hole. At the end, a brief discussion on Lense–Thirring frequency is also done."
"In this article, we construct the and type currents to interpolate the vector tetraquark states, then carry out the operator product expansion up to the vacuum condensates of dimension-10 in a consistent way, and obtain four QCD sum rules. In calculations, we use the formula to determine the optimal energy scales of the QCD spectral densities, moreover, we take the experimental values of the masses of the &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4260 / 4220), &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4360 / 4320), &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4390) and &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4660 / 4630) as input parameters and fit the pole residues to reproduce the correlation functions at the QCD side. The numerical results support assigning the &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4660 / 4630) to be the type vector tetraquark state , assigning the &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4360 / 4320) to be type vector tetraquark state , and disfavor assigning the &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4260 / 4220) and &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4390) to be the pure vector tetraquark states."
"In the present paper we consider the elastic -scattering of virtual photons at high energies in the forward kinematics at zero and non-zero values of &lt;i&gt;t&lt;i/&gt;. Accounting for both gluon and quark double-logarithmic (DL) contributions to all orders in the QCD coupling, we obtain explicit expressions for amplitudes of this process in double-logarithmic approximation (DLA). First we keep the QCD coupling fixed and then account for running coupling effects. Applying the saddle-point method to the obtained expressions for the scattering amplitude, we calculate the high-energy asymptotics of the amplitude, which proved to be of the Regge form. The Reggeon bears the vacuum quantum numbers and therefore it is a new, DL contribution to Pomeron. Comparison of the DL Pomeron to the BFKL Pomeron shows that contribution of the DL Pomeron to the high-energy asymptotics is of the same order as contribution of the BFKL Pomeron, so the DL Pomeron should be taken into account together with the BFKL Pomeron. We estimate the applicability region for the asymptotics of the light-by-light scattering amplitude, where the the DL Pomeron can reliably represent the parent amplitude."
"In this paper, we investigate the gravitational behavior of compact objects with the help of generalized polytropic equation of state in isotropic coordinates. We found three exact solutions of Einstein field equations by taking into account the different values of polytropic index with spherically symmetric anisotropic inner fluid distribution. We have regained the masses of PSR , Vela X-1, Vela 4U, PSR J1903+327 and 4U 1820-30. Speed of sound has been used to analyze the stability of models. The comprehensive analysis indicates that all the models are physically viable and well behaved."
"Reference [6]: “Phys. Lett. B 763, 280” should have been corrected into “Phys. Lett. B 763, 280 (2016)”."
"We evaluate the two-photon exchange correction to the unpolarized cross section in the elastic muon–proton scattering within dispersion relations. One of the six independent invariant amplitudes requires a subtraction. We fix the subtraction function to the model estimate of the full two-photon exchange at one of three MUSE beam energies and make a prediction for the two other energies. Additionally, we present single and double polarization observables accounting for the lepton mass."
"The Rastall gravity is the modified Einstein general relativity, in which the energy-momentum conservation law is generalized to . In this work, we derive the Kerr–Newman-AdS (KN-AdS) black hole solutions surrounded by the perfect fluid matter in the Rastall gravity using the Newman–Janis method and Mathematica package. We then discuss the black hole properties surrounded by two kinds of specific perfect fluid matter, the dark energy () and the perfect fluid dark matter (). Firstly, the Rastall parameter could be constrained by the weak energy condition and strong energy condition. Secondly, by analyzing the number of roots in the horizon equation, we get the range of the perfect fluid matter intensity , which depends on the black hole mass &lt;i&gt;M&lt;i/&gt; and the Rastall parameter . Thirdly, we study the influence of the perfect fluid dark matter and dark energy on the ergosphere. We find that the perfect fluid dark matter has significant effects on the ergosphere size, while the dark energy has smaller effects. Finally, we find that the perfect fluid matter does not change the singularity of the black hole. Furthermore, we investigate the rotation velocity in the equatorial plane for the KN-AdS black hole with dark energy and perfect fluid dark matter. We propose that the rotation curve diversity in Low Surface Brightness galaxies could be explained in the framework of the Rastall gravity when both the perfect fluid dark matter halo and the baryon disk are taken into account."
"Fluorescent dark matter has been suggested as a possible explanation of both the 3.5 keV excess in the diffuse emission of the Perseus Cluster and of the deficit at the same energy in the central active galaxy within that cluster, NGC 1275. In this work we point out that such a dark matter candidate can be searched for at the new X-ray laser facilities that are currently being built and starting to operate around the world. We present one possible experimental set up where the laser is passed through a narrow cylinder lined with lead shielding. Fluorescent dark matter would be excited upon interaction with the laser photons and travel across the lead shielding to decay outside the cylinder, in a region which has been instrumented with X-ray detectors. For an instrumented length of 7 cm at the LCLS-II laser we expect (1–10) such events per week for parameters which explain the astronomical observations."
"We construct non-relativistic string and p-brane actions in Newton–Cartan background using the limiting procedure from the relativistic string and p-brane action in general background. We also find their Hamiltonian formulations when however we restrict ourselves to the case of the vanishing gauge field ."
"In a recent paper, Herrera (Phys Rev D 97:044010, 2018) have proposed a new definition of complexity for static self-gravitating fluid in general relativity. In the present article, we implement this definition of complexity for static self-gravitating fluid to case of &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity. Here, we found that in the frame of &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity the definition of complexity proposed by Herrera, entirely based on the quantity known as complexity factor which appears in the orthogonal splitting of the curvature tensor. It has been observed that fluid spheres possessing homogenous energy density profile and isotropic pressure are capable to diminish their the complexity factor. We are interested to see the effects of &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) term on complexity factor of the self-gravitating object. The gravitating source with inhomogeneous energy density and anisotropic pressure have maximum value of complexity. Further, such fluids may have zero complexity factor if the effects of inhomogeneity in energy density and anisotropic pressure cancel the effects of each other in the presence of &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) dark source term. Also, we have found some interior exact solutions of modified &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) field equations satisfying complexity criterium and some applications of this newly concept to the study of structure of compact objects are discussed in detail. It is interesting to note that previous results about the complexity for static self-gravitating fluid in general relativity can be recovered from our analysis if , which general relativistic limit of &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity."
"The nuclear modification factors of and mesons are measured in collisions at a centre-of-mass energy per nucleon pair of . The analysis is based on and data samples collected by CMS at the LHC in 2015, corresponding to integrated luminosities of 464 and 28, respectively. The measurements are performed in the dimuon rapidity range of as a function of centrality, rapidity, and transverse momentum ( ) from in the most forward region and up to 50. Both prompt and nonprompt (coming from b hadron decays) mesons are observed to be increasingly suppressed with centrality, with a magnitude similar to the one observed at for the two meson components. No dependence on rapidity is observed for either prompt or nonprompt mesons. An indication of a lower prompt meson suppression at is seen with respect to that observed at intermediate . The prompt meson yield is found to be more suppressed than that of the prompt mesons in the entire range."
"We consider a five dimensional AdS warped spacetime in presence of a massive scalar field in the bulk. The scalar field potential fulfills the requirement of modulus stabilization even when the effect of backreaction of the stabilizing field is taken into account. In such a scenario, we investigate the possible role of modulus field on a compact stellar structure from the perspective of four dimensional effective theory. Our result reveals that in the presence of the modulus field, the upper bound of mass–radius ratio (generally known as Buchdahl’s limit) of a star can go beyond the general relativity prediction. Interestingly this provides a natural testbed for the existence of such higher dimensional modulus field."
"We compute the correlation functions of irregular Gaiotto states appearing in the colliding limit of the Liouville theory by using “regularizing” conformal transformations mapping the irregular (coherent) states to regular vertex operators in the Liouville theory. The &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt;-point correlation functions of the irregular vertex operators of arbitrary ranks are expressed in terms of &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt;-point correlators of primary fields times the factor that involves regularized higher-rank Schwarzians of the above conformal transformation. In particular, in the case of three-point functions the general answer is expressed in terms of DOZZ (Dorn-Otto-Zamolodchikov-Zamolodchikov) structure constants times exponents of regularized higher-derivative Schwarzians. The explicit examples of the regularization are given for the ranks one and two."
"We study some general properties of two black hole solutions in Einstein’s conformal gravity. Both solutions can be obtained from the Kerr metric with a suitable conformal rescaling, which leads, respectively, to a regular and a singular spacetime. In addition to the mass &lt;i&gt;M&lt;i/&gt; and the spin angular momentum &lt;i&gt;J&lt;i/&gt; of the black hole, these solutions are characterized by a new parameter, &lt;i&gt;L&lt;i/&gt;, which may be expected to be of the order of the black hole mass. We study the geodesic motion and we calculate the radiative efficiency of a putative accretion disk around these black holes, which allows us to get an estimate of an upper bound on the value of &lt;i&gt;L&lt;i/&gt;. Lastly, we explore the possibility of “destroying” the event horizon of these black holes. Within our approach, we are not able to destroy the event horizon of the regular black hole solution, while we can in the case of the singular one."
"Inelastic nuclear interaction probability of 400 GeV/c protons interacting with bent silicon crystals was investigated, in particular for both types of crystals installed at the CERN Large Hadron Collider for beam collimation purposes. In comparison to amorphous scattering interaction, in planar channeling this probability is for the quasi-mosaic type (planes (111)), and for the strip type (planes (110)). Moreover, the absolute inelastic nuclear interaction probability in the axial channeling orientation, along the axis, was estimated for the first time, finding a value of for a crystal 2 mm long along the beam direction, with a bending angle of 55 rad. This value is more than two times lower with respect to the planar channeling orientation of the same crystal, and increases with the vertical angular misalignment. Finally, the correlation between the inelastic nuclear interaction probability in the planar channeling and the silicon crystal curvature is reported."
"The is a simple supersymmetric extension of the Standard Model (SM) capable of predicting neutrino physics in agreement with experiment. In this paper we perform the complete one-loop renormalization of the neutral scalar sector of the with one generation of right-handed neutrinos in a mixed on-shell/ scheme. The renormalization procedure is discussed in detail, emphasizing conceptual differences to the minimal (MSSM) and next-to-minimal (NMSSM) supersymmetric standard model regarding the field renormalization and the treatment of non-flavor-diagonal soft mass parameters, which have their origin in the breaking of &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;-parity in the . We calculate the full one-loop corrections to the neutral scalar masses of the . The one-loop contributions are supplemented by available MSSM higher-order corrections. We obtain numerical results for a SM-like Higgs boson mass consistent with experimental bounds. We compare our results to predictions in the NMSSM to obtain a measure for the significance of genuine -like contributions. We only find minor corrections due to the smallness of the neutrino Yukawa couplings, indicating that the Higgs boson mass calculations in the are at the same level of accuracy as in the NMSSM. Finally we show that the can accomodate a Higgs boson that could explain an excess of events at as reported by CMS, as well as the excess of events observed at LEP at a similar mass scale."
"In this article, we study the axialvector-diquark–scalar-diquark–antiquark type charmed pentaquark states with with the QCD sum rules by carrying out the operator product expansion up to the vacuum condensates of dimension 13 in a consistent way. In calculations, we separate the contributions of the negative parity and positive parity pentaquark states unambiguously, and choose three sets input parameters to study the masses and pole residues of the charmed pentaquark states and in details. Then we estimate the masses of the charmed pentaquark states , , and with to be according to the &lt;i&gt;SU&lt;i/&gt;(3) breaking effects, which is compatible with the , , , ."
"Measurements of production in the channel depend in a critical way on the theoretical uncertainty associated with the irreducible -jet background. In this paper, analysing the various topologies that account for &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-jet production in association with a pair, we demonstrate that the process at hand is largely driven by final-state splittings. We also show that in five-flavour simulations based on multi-jet merging, &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-jet production is mostly driven by the parton shower, while matrix elements play only a marginal role in the description of splittings. Based on these observations we advocate the use of NLOPS simulations of in the four-flavour scheme, and we present a new Powheg generator of this kind. Predictions and uncertainties for -jet observables at the 13 TeV LHC are presented both for the case of stable top quarks and with spin-correlated top decays. Besides QCD scale variations we consider also theoretical uncertainties related to the Powheg matching method and to the parton shower modelling, with emphasis on splittings. In general, matching and shower uncertainties turn out to be remarkably small. This is confirmed also by a consistent comparison against Sherpa+OpenLoops."
"We present a determination of the Cabibbo–Kobayashi–Maskawa matrix elements and obtained by combining the momentum dependence of the semileptonic vector form factors and , recently determined from lattice QCD simulations, with the differential rates measured for the semileptonic and decays. Our analysis is based on the results for the semileptonic form factors produced by the European Twisted Mass Collaboration with flavors of dynamical quarks in the whole range of values of the squared 4-momentum transfer accessible in the experiments. The statistical and systematic correlations between the lattice data as well as those present in the experimental data are properly taken into account. With respect to the standard procedure based on the use of only the vector form factor at zero 4-momentum transfer, we obtain more precise and consistent results: and . The second-row CKM unitarity is fulfilled within the current uncertainties: . Moreover, using for the first time hadronic inputs determined from first principles, we have calculated the ratio of the semileptonic decay rates into muons and electrons, which represent a test of lepton universality within the SM, obtaining in the isospin-symmetric limit of QCD: and ."
"Upon treating the whole closed string massless sector as stringy graviton fields, Double Field Theory may evolve into Stringy Gravity, i.e. the stringy augmentation of General Relativity. Equipped with an covariant differential geometry beyond Riemann, we spell out the definition of the energy–momentum tensor in Stringy Gravity and derive its on-shell conservation law from doubled general covariance. Equating it with the recently identified stringy Einstein curvature tensor, all the equations of motion of the closed string massless sector are unified into a single expression, , which we dub the &lt;i&gt;Einstein Double Field Equations&lt;i/&gt;. As an example, we study the most general static, asymptotically flat, spherically symmetric, ‘regular’ solution, sourced by the stringy energy–momentum tensor which is nontrivial only up to a finite radius from the center. Outside this radius, the solution matches the known vacuum geometry which has four constant parameters. We express these as volume integrals of the interior stringy energy–momentum tensor and discuss relevant energy conditions."
"We investigate the application of our recent holographic entanglement negativity conjecture for higher dimensional conformal field theories to specific examples which serve as crucial consistency checks. In this context we compute the holographic entanglement negativity for bipartite pure and finite temperature mixed state configurations in &lt;i&gt;d&lt;i/&gt;-dimensional conformal field theories dual to bulk pure geometry and -Schwarzschild black holes respectively. It is observed that the holographic entanglement negativity characterizes the distillable entanglement for the finite temperature mixed states through the elimination of the thermal contributions. Significantly our examples correctly reproduce universal features of the entanglement negativity for corresponding two dimensional conformal field theories, in higher dimensions."
"We present a comparison of the computation of energy–energy correlation in collisions in the back-to-back region at next-to-next-to-leading logarithmic accuracy matched with the next-to-next-to-leading order perturbative prediction to LEP, PEP, PETRA, SLC and TRISTAN data. With these predictions we perform an extraction of the strong coupling constant taking into account non-perturbative effects modelled with Monte Carlo event generators. The final result at NNLO+NNLL precision is ."
"Elastic &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; scattering at LHC energies is treated in additive quark model together with Pomeron exchange theory. The obtained results are compared with the new experimental data on the ratio of real to imaginary part of the scattering amplitude at the small transverse momenta"
"In the high energy limit of scattering amplitudes in Quantum Chromodynamics and supersymmetric theories the dominant Feynman diagrams are characterized by a hidden integrability in the planar limit. A well-known example is that of Odderon exchange, which can be described as a composite state of three reggeized gluons and corresponds to a closed spin chain with periodic boundary conditions. In the supersymmetric Yang–Mills theory a similar spin chain arises in the multi-Regge asymptotics of the eight-point amplitude in the planar limit. We investigate the associated open spin chain in transverse momentum and rapidity variables solving the corresponding effective Feynman diagrams. We introduce the concept of complexity in the high energy effective field theory and study its emerging scaling laws."
"In this paper, we present a method to reconstruct cosmographic parameters, and their evolution from particular cosmological models. In this method inspired by dynamical system approach, we convert the equation of the cosmological model into an equivalent system of first order differential equations which is much easier to solve numerically. Then, we reproduce the cosmographic parameters in terms of these variables. Instead of best fitting the cosmographic parameters with observation directly, we best fit and estimate the parameters and initial conditions of the model by observational, then the cosmographic parameters will be constrained automatically. The advantage of this method is that, it is free of some of shortcomings reconstructing theories with higher-order derivatives. It also enable us to measure not only the current value of cosmographic parameters the past values, , future values and their evolution. This can be a useful tool to test, compare and distinguish different cosmological models according to the reconstructed cosmographic parameters at different epoch of the universe."
"We point out a misleading treatment in a recent paper published in this Journal (Sobhani et al., Eur Phys J C 78:106, 2018) regarding solutions for the Schrödinger equation with a anharmonic oscillator potential embedded in the background of a cosmic string mapped into biconfluent Heun equation. This fact jeopardizes the thermodynamical properties calculated in this system."
"It has been found that the zero mode of a five-dimensional Elko spinor could be localized on branes by introducing a Yukawa-type coupling between the Elko spinor and the background scalar field or the Ricci scalar. However, the Yukawa-type coupling is not appropriate for all brane models. In this paper, we explore other localization mechanism for the Elko spinor by introducing the non-minimal coupling between the five-dimensional Elko spinor and the background scalar field. We give the general expressions of the Elko zero mode and the function . Through two thick brane models and three concrete examples, we show that the Elko zero mode can be localized on the branes by this new mechanism. This provides us more possibilities of localizing the Elko zero mode."
"In general relativity, greybody factor is a quantity related to the quantum nature of a black hole. A high value of greybody factor indicates a high probability that Hawking radiation can reach infinity. Although general relativity is correct and has been successful in describing many phenomena, there are some questions that general relativity cannot answer. Therefore, general relativity is often modified to attain answers. One of the modifications is the ‘massive gravity’. The viable model of the massive gravity theory belongs to de Rham, Gabadadze and Tolley (dRGT). In this paper, we calculate the gravitational potential for the de Sitter black hole and for the dRGT black hole. We also derive the rigorous bound on the greybody factor for the de Sitter black hole and the dRGT black hole. It is found that the structure of potentials determines how much the rigorous bound on the greybody factor should be. That is, the higher the potential, the lesser the bound on the greybody factor will be. Moreover, we compare the greybody factor derived from the rigorous bound with the greybody factor derived from the matching technique. The result shows that the rigorous bound is a true lower bound because it is less than the greybody factor obtained from the matching technique."
"We investigate the Standard Model (SM) extended with a colored charged scalar, leptoquark, having fractional electromagnetic charge . We mostly focus on the decays of the leptoquark into second and third generations via decay modes. We perform a PYTHIA-based simulation considering all the dominant SM backgrounds at the LHC with 14 TeV center of mass energy. Limits have been calculated for the leptoquark mass that can be probed at the LHC with an integrated luminosity of . The leptoquark mass, reconstructed from its decay products into the third generation, has the maximum reach. However, the channel, comprising a very hard muon and &lt;i&gt;c&lt;i/&gt;-jet produces a much cleaner mass peak. Single leptoquark production in association with a or provides some unique signatures that can also be probed at the LHC."
"The COSINE-100 dark matter search experiment is an array of NaI(Tl) crystal detectors located in the Yangyang Underground Laboratory (Y2L). To understand measured backgrounds in the NaI(Tl) crystals we have performed Monte Carlo simulations using the Geant4 toolkit and developed background models for each crystal that consider contributions from both internal and external sources, including cosmogenic nuclides. The background models are based on comparisons of measurement data with Monte Carlo simulations that are guided by a campaign of material assays and are used to evaluate backgrounds and identify their sources. The average background level for the six crystals (70 kg total mass) that are studied is 3.5 counts/day/keV/kg in the (2–6) keV energy interval. The dominant contributors in this energy region are found to be Pb and H."
"We calculate the octet baryon magnetic moments in covariant baryon chiral perturbation theory with the extended-on-mass-shell renormalization scheme up to next-to-next-to-leading order. At this order, there are nine low-energy constants, which cannot be uniquely determined by the seven experimental data alone. We propose two strategies to circumvent this problem. First, we assume that chiral perturbation theory has a certain convergence rate and use this as one additional constraint to fix the low-energy constants by fitting to the experimental data. Second, we fit to lattice QCD simulations to determine the low-energy constants. We then compare the resulting predictions of the light and strange quark mass dependence of the octet baryon magnetic moments by the three mostly studied formulations of baryon chiral perturbation theory, namely, the extended-on-mass-shell, the infrared, and the heavy baryon approaches. It is shown that once more precise lattice data become available, one will learn more about the convergence pattern of baryon chiral perturbation theory."
"The paper deals with collapse dynamics of a spherically symmetric massive star in the framework of non-equilibrium thermodynamic prescription through particle creation mechanism. The matter content in the star is in the form of perfect fluid with barotropic equation of state, and the dissipative phenomena due to non-equilibrium thermodynamics is in the form of bulk viscosity. For simplicity, the thermodynamic system is chosen to be adiabatic so that the effective bulk viscous pressure is linearly related to the particle creation rate. As a result, the evolution of the collapsing star also depends on the particle creation rate. By proper choice of creation rate as a function of the Hubble parameter, it is found that the end state of the collapse may be either a black hole (BH) or a naked singularity (NS)."
"The inclusive and fiducial production cross-sections are measured in the lepton+jets channel using of proton–proton collision data at a centre-of-mass energy of 8 TeV recorded with the ATLAS detector at the LHC. Major systematic uncertainties due to the modelling of the jet energy scale and &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-tagging efficiency are constrained by separating selected events into three disjoint regions. In order to reduce systematic uncertainties in the most important background, the process is modelled using + jets events in a data-driven approach. The inclusive cross-section is measured with a precision of 5.7% to be , assuming a top-quark mass of 172.5 GeV. The result is in agreement with the Standard Model prediction. The cross-section is also measured in a phase space close to that of the selected data. The fiducial cross-section is with a precision of 4.5%."
"In this paper the geodesics motion and accretion process around a subclass of Horndeski/Galileon black holes are investigated. Firstly, we present spherically symmetric geometries in a Horndeski/Galileon black hole spacetime by considering an isothermal fluid around the black hole. Then we focus on three main issues: in the first step circular orbits of test particles and their stability in equatorial plane are examined in details. Then, by treating perturbations via restoring forces, oscillations of particles around the central object are studied. Finally, the accretion process, the critical speed of the flow and accretion rate are investigated in this setup properly."
"In this paper, the b quark pair production events are analyzed as a source of neutral Higgs bosons of the two Higgs doublet model type I at linear colliders. The production mechanism is assuming a fully hadronic final state. The analysis aim is to identify both CP-even and CP-odd Higgs bosons in different benchmark points accommodating moderate boson masses. Due to pair production of Higgs bosons, the analysis is most suitable for a linear collider operating at  TeV. Results show that in selected benchmark points, signal peaks are observable in the &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-jet pair invariant mass distributions at integrated luminosity of 500 ."
"The VHE emission from the HBLs H 2356-309 and 1ES 1101-232 were observed by the HESS telescopes during 2004–2007. Particularly the observations in 2004 from H 2356-309 and during 2004–2005 from 1ES 1101-232 were analyzed to derive strong upper limits on the EBL, which were found to be consistent with the lower limits from the integrated light of resolved galaxies. Here we have used the photohadronic model corroborated by two template EBL models to fit the observed VHE gamma-ray data from these two HBLs and to predict their intrinsic spectra. We obtain very good fit to the VHE spectra of these two HBLs. However, the predicted intrinsic spectra are different for each EBL model. For the HBL H 2356-309, we obtain a flat intrinsic spectrum and for 1ES 1101-232 the spectrum is mildly harder than 2 but much softer than 1.5."
"In this paper we show that the intrinsic heavy-quark QCD mechanism for the hadroproduction of heavy hadrons at large can resolve the apparent conflict between measurements of double-charm baryons by the SELEX fixed-target experiment and the LHCb experiment at the LHC collider. We show that in fact both experiments are compatible, and that both can be correct. The observed spectroscopy of double-charm hadrons is in agreement with the predictions of supersymmetric light front holographic QCD."
"Gravitational wave (GW) ringdown waveforms may contain “echoes” that encode new physics in the strong gravity regime. It is commonly assumed that the new physics gives rise to the GW echoes whose intervals are constant. We point out that this assumption is not always applicable. In particular, if the post-merger object is initially a wormhole, which slowly pinches off and eventually collapses into a black hole, the late-time ringdown waveform exhibit a series of echoes whose intervals are increasing with time. We also assess how this affects the ability of Advanced LIGO/Virgo to detect these new signals."
"This paper is a reply to the criticism of our work on particle production in modified gravity by Gorbunov and Tokareva. We show that their arguments against efficient particle production are invalid. &lt;i&gt;F&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) theories can lead to an efficient generation of high energy cosmic rays in contracting systems."
"Gravitational effects may interfere with the axion solution to the strong-CP problem. We point out that gravity can potentially provide a protection mechanism against itself, in the form of an additional axion-like field associated with torsion."
"The strong decays of the states are evaluated in the model with two types of space wave functions. Comparing the model expectations with the experimental data for the , , &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(2370), and &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(2500), we suggest that the , , and &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(2500) can be assigned as the members of the meson nonet, while the assignment for the &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(2370) is not favored by its width. The kaon is predicted to have a mass of about 2418 MeV and a width of about 163 or 225 MeV."
"We describe the architecture and functionalities of a C++ software framework, coined PARTONS, dedicated to the phenomenology of Generalized Parton Distributions. These distributions describe the three-dimensional structure of hadrons in terms of quarks and gluons, and can be accessed in deeply exclusive lepto- or photo-production of mesons or photons. PARTONS provides a necessary bridge between models of Generalized Parton Distributions and experimental data collected in various exclusive production channels. We outline the specification of the PARTONS framework in terms of practical needs, physical content and numerical capacity. This framework will be useful for physicists – theorists or experimentalists – not only to develop new models, but also to interpret existing measurements and even design new experiments."
"We perform a global fit of parton distribution functions (PDFs) together with the strong coupling constant and the quark masses , and at next-to-leading order (NLO) in QCD. The analysis applies the renormalization scheme for and all quark masses. It is performed in the fixed-flavor number scheme for and uses the same data as the previous ABMP16 fit at next-to-next-to-leading order (NNLO). The new NLO PDFs complement the set of ABMP16 PDFs and are to be used consistently with NLO QCD predictions for hard scattering processes. At NLO we obtain the value compared to at NNLO."
"We discuss the generic properties of a general, smoothly varying, spherically symmetric mass distribution , with no cosmological term ( is a length scale parameter). Observing these constraints, we show that (1.) the de Sitter behavior of spacetime at the origin is generic and depends only on , (2.) the geometry may posses up to horizons depending solely on the total mass &lt;i&gt;M&lt;i/&gt; if the cumulative distribution of has inflection points, and (3.) no scalar invariant nor a thermodynamic entity diverges. We define new two-parameter mathematical distributions mimicking Gaussian and step-like functions and reduce to the Dirac distribution in the limit of vanishing parameter . We use these distributions to derive in closed forms asymptotically flat, spherically symmetric, solutions that describe and model a variety of physical and geometric entities ranging from noncommutative black holes, quantum-corrected black holes to stars and dark matter halos for various scaling values of . We show that the mass-to-radius ratio is an upper limit for regular-black-hole formation. Core–multi-shell and multi-shell regular black holes are also derived."
"In the paper we discussed the evolution equations for diffractive production in the framework of CGC/saturation approach, and found the analytical solutions for several kinematic regions. The most impressive features of these solutions are, that diffractive production does not manifest geometric scaling behaviour i.e. being a function of one variable. Based on these solutions, we suggest an impact parameter dependent saturation model, which is suitable for describing diffraction production both deep in the saturation region, and in the vicinity of the saturation scale. Using the model we attempted to fit the combined data on diffraction production from H1 and ZEUS collaborations. We found that we are able describe both and dependence, as well as &lt;i&gt;Q&lt;i/&gt; behavior of the measured cross sections. In spite of the sufficiently large we believe that our description provides an initial impetus to find a fit of the experimental data, based on the solution of the CGC/saturation equation, rather than on describing the diffraction system in simplistic manner, assuming that only quark-antiquark pair and one extra gluon, are produced."
"Teleparallel theory of gravity and its modifications have been studied extensively in literature. However, gravitational waves has not been studied enough in the framework of teleparallelism. In the present study, we discuss gravitational waves in general theories of teleparallel gravity containing the torsion scalar &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;, the boundary term &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt; and a scalar field . The goal is to classify possible new polarizations generalizing results presented in Bamba et al. (Phys Lett B 727:194–198, arXiv:1309.2698, 2013). We show that, if the boundary term is minimally coupled to the torsion scalar and the scalar field, gravitational waves have the same polarization modes of General Relativity."
"Measurements of open charm and beauty production cross sections in deep inelastic &lt;i&gt;ep&lt;i/&gt; scattering at HERA from the H1 and ZEUS Collaborations are combined. Reduced cross sections are obtained in the kinematic range of negative four-momentum transfer squared of the photon and Bjorken scaling variable . The combination method accounts for the correlations of the statistical and systematic uncertainties among the different datasets. Perturbative QCD calculations are compared to the combined data. A next-to-leading order QCD analysis is performed using these data together with the combined inclusive deep inelastic scattering cross sections from HERA. The running charm- and beauty-quark masses are determined as GeV and ."
"We study generic effects of new physics on the rare decay modes and . We discuss several cases: left-handed neutrino couplings; right handed neutrino couplings; neutrino lepton flavour violating (LFV) interactions; and interactions. The first of these cases has been studied before as it covers many new physics extensions of the standard model; the second one requires the existence of a new light (sterile) right-handed neutrino and its contribution to both branching ratios is always additive to the SM. The case of neutrino LFV couplings introduces a CP conserving contribution to which affects the rates in a similar manner as a right handed neutrino as neither one of these interferes with the standard model amplitudes. Finally, we consider new physics with interactions to go beyond the Grossman-Nir bound. We find that the rare kaon rates are only sensitive to new physics scales up to a few GeV for this scenario."
"The strong direct detection limits could be pointing to dark matter – nucleus scattering at loop level. We study in detail the prototype example of an electroweak singlet (Dirac or Majorana) dark matter fermion coupled to an extended dark sector, which is composed of a new fermion and a new scalar. Given the strong limits on colored particles from direct and indirect searches we assume that the fields of the new dark sector are color singlets. We outline the possible simplified models, including the well-motivated cases in which the extra scalar or fermion is a Standard Model particle, as well as the possible connection to neutrino masses. We compute the contributions to direct detection from the photon, the &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; and the Higgs penguins for arbitrary quantum numbers of the dark sector. Furthermore, we derive compact expressions in certain limits, i.e., when all new particles are heavier than the dark matter mass and when the fermion running in the loop is light, like a Standard Model lepton. We study in detail the predicted direct detection rate and how current and future direct detection limits constrain the model parameters. In case dark matter couples directly to Standard Model leptons we find an interesting interplay between lepton flavor violation, direct detection and the observed relic abundance."
"Direct photon production in hadronic collisions provides a handle on the gluon PDF by means of the QCD Compton scattering process. In this work we revisit the impact of direct photon production on a global PDF analysis, motivated by the recent availability of the next-to-next-to-leading (NNLO) calculation for this process. We demonstrate that the inclusion of NNLO QCD and leading-logarithmic electroweak corrections leads to a good quantitative agreement with the ATLAS measurements at 8 and 13 TeV, except for the most forward rapidity region in the former case. By including the ATLAS 8 TeV direct photon production data in the NNPDF3.1 NNLO global analysis, we assess its impact on the medium-&lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt; gluon. We also study the constraining power of the direct photon production measurements on PDF fits based on different datasets, in particular on the NNPDF3.1 no-LHC and collider-only fits. We also present updated NNLO theoretical predictions for direct photon production at 13 TeV that include the constraints from the 8 TeV measurements."
"Spacetime wormholes in isotropic spacetimes are represented traditionally by embedding diagrams which were symmetric paraboloids. This mirror symmetry, however, can be broken by considering different sources on different sides of the throat. This gives rise to an asymmetric thin-shell wormhole, whose stability is studied here in the framework of the linear stability analysis. Having constructed a general formulation, using a variable equation of state and related junction conditions, the results are tested for some examples of diverse geometries such as the cosmic string, Schwarzschild, Reissner–Nordström and Minkowski spacetimes. Based on our chosen spacetimes as examples, our finding suggests that symmetry is an important factor to make a wormhole more stable. Furthermore, the parameter , which corresponds to the radius dependency of the pressure on the wormholes’s throat, can affect the stability in a great extent."
"A model for exclusive diffractive resonance production in proton–proton collisions at high energies is presented. This model is able to predict double differential distributions with respect to the mass and the transverse momentum of the produced resonance in the mass region 5 GeV. The model is based on convoluting the Pomeron distribution in the proton with the Pomeron–Pomeron–meson total cross section. The Pomeron–Pomeron–meson cross section is saturated by direct-channel contributions from the Pomeron as well as from two different &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt; trajectories, accompanied by the isolated f resonance dominating the GeV region. A slowly varying background is taken into account."
"Diboson production at the LHC is a process of great importance both in the context of tests of the SM and for direct searches for new physics. In this paper we present a phenomenological study of  (),  (), and  () production considering event selections of interest for the anomalous triple-gauge-boson-coupling searches at the LHC: we provide theoretical predictions within the Standard Model at NLO QCD and NLO EW accuracy and study the effect of the anomalous triple-gauge-boson interactions at NLO QCD. For and the contribution of the loop-induced and processes is included. Anomalous triple-gauge-boson interactions are parametrized in the EFT framework. This paper is the first application of Recola2 in the EFT context."
"A measurement of beauty hadron production at mid-rapidity in proton-lead collisions at a nucleon–nucleon centre-of-mass energy TeV is presented. The semi-inclusive decay channel of beauty hadrons into is considered, where the mesons are reconstructed in the dielectron decay channel at mid-rapidity down to transverse momenta of 1.3 GeV/&lt;i&gt;c&lt;i/&gt;. The production cross section at mid-rapidity, , and the total cross section extrapolated over full phase space, , are obtained. This measurement is combined with results on inclusive production to determine the prompt cross sections. The results in p–Pb collisions are then scaled to expectations from pp collisions at the same centre-of-mass energy to derive the nuclear modification factor , and compared to models to study possible nuclear modifications of the production induced by cold nuclear matter effects. is found to be smaller than unity at low for both coming from beauty hadron decays and prompt ."
"We present here a detailed analysis on the effects of charge on the anisotropic strange star candidates by considering a spherically symmetric interior spacetime metric. To obtain exact solution of the Einstein–Maxwell field equations we have considered the anisotropic strange quark matter (SQM) distribution governed by the simplified MIT bag equation of state (EOS), , where &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt; is the bag constant and the distribution of the electrical charge is given as , where is a constant. To calculate different constants we have described the exterior spacetime by the Reissner-Nordström metric. By using the values of the observed mass for the different strange star candidates we have maximized anisotropic stress at the surface to predict the exact values of the radius for the different values of and a specific value of the bag constant. Further, we perform different tests to study the physical validity and the stability of the proposed stellar model. We found accumulation of the electric charge distribution is maximum at the surface having electric charge of the order and electric field of the order  V/cm."
"The kaon identification is crucial for the flavor physics, and also benefits the flavor and charge reconstruction of the jets. We explore the particle identification capability for tracks with momenta ranging from 2–20 GeV/c using the &lt;i&gt;dE&lt;i/&gt; / &lt;i&gt;dx&lt;i/&gt; measurements in the Time Projection Chamber at the future Circular Electron-Positron Collider. Based on Monte Carlo simulation, we anticipate that an average () separation can be achieved based on &lt;i&gt;dE&lt;i/&gt; / &lt;i&gt;dx&lt;i/&gt; information for an optimistic (conservative) extrapolation of the simulated performance to the final system. Time-of-flight (TOF) information from the Electromagnetic Calorimeter can provide separation around 1 GeV/c and reduce the &lt;i&gt;K&lt;i/&gt; / &lt;i&gt;p&lt;i/&gt; mis-identification rate. By combining the &lt;i&gt;dE&lt;i/&gt; / &lt;i&gt;dx&lt;i/&gt; and TOF information, we estimate that in the optimistic scenario a kaon selection in inclusive hadronic &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; decays with both the average efficiency and purity approaching 95% can be achieved."
"We investigate the exclusive nonleptonic decays in the conventional perturbative QCD (PQCD) formalism. The predictions of branching ratios and &lt;i&gt;CP&lt;i/&gt; asymmetries are given in detail. We compare our results with available experimental data as well as predictions of other theoretical studies existing in the literature. It seems that the branching ratios of are more consistent with data than the earlier analyses. For the Cabibbo-suppressed decays, the branching ratios can reach the order of , which would be straight forward for experimental observations. The numerical results show that the direct &lt;i&gt;CP&lt;i/&gt; asymmetries of the concerned decays are rather small. The mixing-induced &lt;i&gt;CP&lt;i/&gt; asymmetry in the is very close to , which suggests that this channel offer an alternative method for measuring the Cabbibo–Kobayashi–Maskawa (CKM) angle . The obtained results in the present work could be tested by further experiments in the LHCb and forthcoming Belle II."
"Recently, the nonlinear electrodynamics (NED) has been gaining attention to generate primordial magnetic fields in the Universe and also to resolve singularity problems. Moreover, recent works have shown the crucial role of the NED on the inflation. This paper provides a new approach based on a new model of NED as a source of gravitation to remove the cosmic singularity at the big bang and explain the cosmic acceleration during the inflation era on the background of stochastic magnetic field. Also, we found a realization of a cyclic Universe, free of initial singularity, due to the proposed NED energy density. In addition, we explore whether a NED field without or with matter can be the origin of the late-time acceleration. For this we obtain explicit equations for &lt;i&gt;H&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;) and perform a MCMC analysis to constrain the NED parameters by using 31 observational Hubble data (OHD) obtained from cosmic chronometers covering the redshift range ; and with the joint-light-analysis (JLA) SNIa compilation consisting in 740 data points in the range . All our constraints on the current magnetic field give , which are larger than the upper limit by the Planck satellite implying that NED cosmologies could not be suitable to explain the Universe late-time dynamics. However, the current data is able to falsify the scenario at late times. Indeed, one is able to reconstruct the deceleration parameter &lt;i&gt;q&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;) using the best fit values of the parameters obtained from OHD and SNIa data sets. If the matter component is not included, the data sets predict an accelerated phase in the early Universe, but a non accelerated Universe is preferred in the current epoch. When a matter component is included in the NED cosmology, the data sets predict a &lt;i&gt;q&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;) dynamics similar to that of the standard model. Moreover, both cosmological data favor up to confidence levels an accelerating expansion in the current epoch, i.e., the Universe passes of a decelerated phase to an accelerated stage at redshift . Therefore, although the NED cosmology with dust matter predict a value higher than the one measured by Planck satellite, it is able to drive a late-time cosmic acceleration which is consistent with our dynamical systems analysis and it is preferred by OHD and SNIa data sets."
"The LHC has brought much new information on total, elastic and diffractive cross sections, which is not always in agreement with extrapolations from lower energies. The default framework in the Pythia event generator is one case in point. In this article we study and implement two recent models, as more realistic alternatives. Both describe total and elastic cross sections, whereas one also includes single diffraction. Noting some issues at high energies, a variant of the latter is proposed, and extended also to double and central diffraction. Further, the experimental definition of diffraction is based on the presence of rapidity gaps, which however also could be caused by colour reconnection in nondiffractive events, a phenomenon that is studied in the context of a specific model. Throughout comparisons with LHC and other data are presented."
"In the present paper, we investigate the dark energy equation of state using the Gaussian processes analysis method, without confining a particular parametrization. The reconstruction is carried out by adopting the background data including supernova and Hubble parameter, and perturbation data from the growth rate. It suggests that the background and perturbation data both present a hint of dynamical dark energy. However, the perturbation data have a more promising potential to distinguish non-evolution dark energy including the cosmological constant model. We also test the influence of some parameters on the reconstruction. We find that the matter density parameter has a slight effect on the background data reconstruction, but has a notable influence on the perturbation data reconstruction. While the Hubble constant presents a significant influence on the reconstruction from background data."
"We compute the area term contribution to black holes’ entanglement entropy (using the conical technique) for a class of local or weakly non-local super-renormalizable gravitational theories coupled to matter. For the first time, we explicitly prove that all the beta functions in the proposed theory, except for the cosmological constant, are identically zero in cut-off regularization scheme and not only in dimensional regularization scheme. In particular, we show that there is no divergence quadratic in cut-off and hence there is no contribution to the beta function of the Newton constant. As a consequence of this result, we argue that in these theories of gravity conical entropy is a sensible definition of physical entropy, in particular, it is positive-definite and gauge independent. On top of this the conical entropy, being expressed only in terms of the classical Newton constant, turns out to be finite and naturally coincides with Bekenstein-Hawking entropy. Finally, we propose a theory in which the renormalization of the Newton constant is entirely due to the Standard Model matter, arguing that such a contribution does not give the usual interpretational problems of conical entropy discussed in the literature."
"In this paper we study the theoretical uncertainties in the determination of the top-quark mass using next-to-leading-order (NLO) generators interfaced to parton showers (PS) that have different levels of accuracy. Specifically we consider three generators: one that implements NLO corrections in the production dynamics, one that includes also NLO corrections in top decay in the narrow width approximation, and one that implements NLO corrections for both production and decay including finite-width and interference effects. Since our aim is to provide an assessment of the uncertainties of purely theoretical origin, we consider simplified top-mass related observables that are broadly related to those effectively used by experiments, eventually modelling experimental resolution effects with simple smearing procedures. We estimate the differences in the value of the extracted top mass that would occur due to the use of the three different NLO generators, to the variation of scales, to the choice of parton distribution functions and to the matching procedure. Furthermore, we also consider differences due to the shower and to the modelling of non-perturbative effects by interfacing our NLO generators to both Pythia8.2 and Herwig7.1, with various settings. We find very different results depending upon the adopted shower model. While with Pythia8.2 we find moderate differences between the different NLO+PS generators, with Herwig7.1 we find very large ones. Furthermore, the differences between Pythia8.2 and Herwig7.1 generators are also remarkably large."
"Measurements are presented of the lifetimes of the , , , and hadrons using the decay channels , , , , , and . The data sample, corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 19.7, was collected by the CMS detector at the LHC in proton–proton collisions at . The lifetime is measured to be in and in , which results in a combined measurement of . The effective lifetime of the meson is measured in two decay modes, with contributions from different amounts of the heavy and light eigenstates. This results in two different measured lifetimes: and . The lifetime is found to be . The precision from each of these channels is as good as or better than previous measurements. The lifetime, measured with respect to the to reduce the systematic uncertainty, is . All results are in agreement with current world-average values."
"The anomaly found in the excited nuclear transition to its ground state is attributed to a spin-1 gauge boson &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(16.7). To hunt for this boson, we propose two traps: and , both following with decay. We adopt the “vector minus axial-vector” interaction hypothesis. Analysis on the &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;(16.7) decay length, production rates, differential distribution with respect to the invariant-mass spectrum, and the signal-to-noise ratios (SNR) after the smearing at BESIII detector are discussed in detail. Given the coupling strength of &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt; to vector/axial-vector currents at BESIII: (1) there would be about 6000 &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt; measurable events per year in electron–positron collision, yet with a large background after smearing; (2) while in decays, we find that the axial-vector current may come into play; though merely 52 events may appear, the SNR are inspiring even after smearing."
"We consider the imbalance of matter and antimatter by using a gravitational baryogenesis mechanism in the background of Dvali–Gabadadze–Porrati (DGP) brane cosmology. By taking into account a flat Friedmann–Lemaître–Robertson–Walker (FLRW) metric in the DGP brane model, we find that for a radiation dominated universe, , the ratio of baryon number density to entropy from the gravitational baryogenesis is not zero, contrary to ordinary general relativity. Also, we study the ratio of baryon number density to entropy against the observational constraints in DGP cosmology."
"We calculate the critical exponents in the &lt;i&gt;d&lt;i/&gt;-dimensional Gross–Neveu model in 1 / &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt; expansion with accuracy. These exponents are related to the slopes of the -functions at the critical point in the Gross–Neveu–Yukawa model. They have been computed recently to four loops accuracy. We checked that our results are in complete agreement with the results of the perturbative calculations."
"A method for analysing the hadronic resonance contributions in decays is presented. This method uses an empirical model that relies on measurements of the branching fractions and polarisation amplitudes of final states involving resonances, relative to the short-distance component, across the full dimuon mass spectrum of transitions. The model is in good agreement with existing calculations of hadronic non-local effects. The effect of this contribution to the angular observables is presented and it is demonstrated how the narrow resonances in the spectrum provide a dramatic enhancement to -violating effects in the short-distance amplitude. Finally, a study of the hadronic resonance effects on lepton universality ratios, , in the presence of new physics is presented."
"We derive the complete set of off-shell nilpotent and absolutely anticommuting Becchi–Rouet–Stora–Tyutin (BRST) and anti-BRST symmetry transformations corresponding to the combined “scalar” and “vector” gauge symmetry transformations for the -dimensional (4D) topologically massive non-Abelian theory with the help of geometrical superfield formalism. For this purpose, we use &lt;i&gt;three&lt;i/&gt; horizontality conditions (HCs). The first HC produces the (anti-)BRST transformations for the 1-form gauge field and corresponding (anti-)ghost fields whereas the second HC yields the (anti-)BRST transformations for 2-form field and associated (anti-)ghost fields. The integrability of second HC produces third HC. The latter HC produces the (anti-)BRST symmetry transformations for the compensating auxiliary vector field and corresponding ghosts. We obtain &lt;i&gt;five&lt;i/&gt; (anti-)BRST invariant Curci–Ferrari (CF)-type conditions which emerge very naturally as the off-shoots of superfield formalism. Out of five CF-type conditions, two are fermionic in nature. These CF-type conditions play a decisive role in providing the absolute anticommutativity of the (anti-)BRST transformations and also responsible for the derivation of coupled but equivalent (anti-)BRST invariant Lagrangian densities. Furthermore, we capture the (anti-)BRST invariance of the coupled Lagrangian densities in terms of the superfields and translation generators along the Grassmannian directions and ."
"We discuss a novel approach to systematically determine the dominant long-distance contribution to decays in the kinematic region where the dilepton invariant mass is below the open charm threshold. This approach provides the most consistent and reliable determination to date and can be used to compute Standard Model predictions for all observables of interest, including the kinematic region where the dilepton invariant mass lies between the and the resonances. We illustrate the power of our results by performing a New Physics fit to the Wilson coefficient . This approach is systematically improvable from theoretical and experimental sides, and applies to other decay modes of the type , and ."
"The use of the official form factor data changes some of the results, as we report in this erratum."
"The gravitational wave (GW) detection of a binary neutron star inspiral made by the Advanced LIGO and Advanced Virgo paves the unprecedented way for multi-messenger observations. The propagation speed of this GW can be scrutinized by comparing the arrival times between GW and neutrinos or photons. It provides the constraint on the mass of the graviton. f(R) gravity theories have the habitual non-zero mass gravitons in addition to usual massless ones. Previously, we show that the model independent f(R) gravity theories can be constructed from the both background evolution and the matter growth with one undetermined parameter. We show that this parameter can be constrained from the graviton mass bound obtained from GW detection. Thus, the GW detection provides the invaluable constraint on the validity of f(R) gravity theories."
"We explore the flavour structure of custodial Randall–Sundrum (RS) models in the context of semi-leptonic decay of the &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt; mesons. Anomalies in the processes can be easily fit with partially composite second generation leptons and third generation quarks. Given the explanations of the &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt; anomalies, we obtain predictions for rare &lt;i&gt;K&lt;i/&gt;- decays which are likely to be another candle for new physics (NP). Two scenarios are considered: (A) The source of non-universality is the right handed muons (unorthodox case). (B) Standard scenario, with anomalies explained primarily by non-universal couplings to the lepton doublets. The prediction for the rare &lt;i&gt;K&lt;i/&gt;-decays are different according to the scenario, thereby serving as a useful discriminatory tool. We note that, in this setup is at best consistent with the SM and increasing the compositeness of the generates a net contribution becoming below the SM expectation. Finally, we also comment on the implications of flavour violation in the lepton sector and present an explicit example with the implementation of bulk leptonic MFV which helps in alleviating the constraints."
"Adopting Noether point symmetries, we classify and integrate dynamical systems coming from Horndeski cosmologies. The method is particularly effective both to select the form of Horndeski models and to derive exact cosmological solutions. Starting from the Lagrangians selected by the Noether symmetries, it is possible to derive several modified theories of gravity like &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity, Brans–Dicke gravity, string inspired gravity and so on. In any case, exact solutions are found out."
"With the construction of the Witten–Sakai–Sugimoto model in the D0–D4 background, we systematically investigate the holographic baryon spectrum in the case of three flavors. The background geometry in this model is holographically dual to Yang–Mills theory in large limit involving an excited state with a nonzero angle or glue condensate , which is proportional to the charge density of the smeared D0-branes through a parameter &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt; or . The classical solution of baryon in this model can be modified by embedding the Belavin–Polyakov–Schwarz–Tyupkin instanton and we carry out the quantization of the collective modes with this solution. Then we extend the analysis to include the heavy flavor and find that the heavy meson is always bound in the form of the zero mode of the flavor instanton in strong coupling limit. The mass spectrum of heavy-light baryons in the situation with single- and double-heavy baryon is derived by solving the eigen equation of the quantized collective Hamiltonian. Afterwards we obtain that the constraint of stable baryon states has to be and the difference in the baryon spectrum becomes smaller as the D0 charge increases. It indicates that quarks or mesons can not form stable baryons if the angle or glue condensate is sufficiently large. Our work is an extension of the previous study of this model and also agrees with those conclusions."
"The aim of this work is to study the thermodynamics and spin current of a system corresponding to a black hole containing a global monopole in the context of Poincaré gravity theory which is an extension of general relativity, in the sense that the intrinsic angular momentum of matter is also a source of gravitational interaction. Thus, in this work we find the solution corresponding to the spacetime under consideration by taking into account that the action which describes this system contains terms corresponding to the curvature and torsion. The metric obtained is a function of mass, solid angle deficit and the coupling constants of the quadratic terms of the curvature and torsion. In this model, the stability of the system is studied through the analysis of the Hawking temperature and the specific heat. In this context it was also studied the critical temperatures of the system considering positive or negative cosmological constant. In the vicinity of the black hole with a global monopole, where there is a logarithmic correction due to the relationship between the torsion and curvature fields, some analysis were done. We also study the AdS/dS limit where the black hole is analyzed from the topological point of view. Although the effect of spin current density at low energies is negligible, in the vicinity of strong gravitational fields it can generate an appreciable effect due to spin gravity coupling."
"H.A. Wilson, then R.H. Dicke, proposed to describe gravitation by a spatial change of the refractive index of the vacuum around a gravitational mass. Dicke extended this formalism in order to describe the apparent expansion of the universe by a cosmological time dependence of the global vacuum index. In this paper, we develop Dicke’s formalism. The metric expansion in standard cosmology (the time-dependent scale factor of the Friedmann–Lemaître curved spacetime metric) is replaced by a flat and static Euclidean metric with a change with time of the vacuum index. We show that a vacuum index increasing with time produces both the cosmological redshift and time dilation, and that the predicted evolution of the energy density of the cosmological microwave background is consistent with the standard cosmology. We then show that the type Ia supernovæ data, from the joint SDSS-II and SNLS SNe-Ia samples, are well modeled by a vacuum index varying exponentially as , where  Gyr. The main consequence of this formalism is that the cosmological redshift should affect any atom, with a relative decrease of the energy levels of about . Possibilities for an experimental investigation of this prediction are discussed."
"Amplitude models are constructed to describe the resonance structure of and decays using &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collision data collected at centre-of-mass energies of 7 and 8 TeV with the LHCb experiment, corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 3.0 . The largest contributions to both decay amplitudes are found to come from axial resonances, with decay modes and being prominent in and , respectively. Precise measurements of the lineshape parameters and couplings of the , and resonances are made, and a quasi model-independent study of the resonance is performed. The coherence factor of the decays is calculated from the amplitude models to be , which is consistent with direct measurements. These models will be useful in future measurements of the unitary-triangle angle and studies of charm mixing and violation."
"If the refractive index of the tensor modes increases during a conventional inflationary stage of expansion the relic graviton spectrum is tilted towards high frequencies. Two apparently diverse parametrizations of this effect are shown to be related by a rescaling of the four-dimensional metric through a conformal factor that involves the refractive index itself. Non-monotonic spectra with a maximum in the MHz region correspond to a limited variation of the refractive index terminating well before the end of inflation. After exploring a general approach encompassing the ones proposed so far, we estimate the required sensitivity for the direct detection of the predicted gravitational radiation and demonstrate that the allowed regions of the parameter space are within reach for some of the planned detectors operating either in the audio band (like Ligo/Virgo and Kagra) or in the mHz band (like Lisa, Bbo and Decigo)."
"We revisit two-color, two-flavor chiral perturbation theory at finite isospin and baryon density. We investigate the phase diagram obtained varying the isospin and the baryon chemical potentials, focusing on the phase transition occurring when the two chemical potentials are equal and exceed the pion mass (which is degenerate with the diquark mass). In this case, there is a change in the order parameter of the theory that does not lend itself to the standard picture of first order transitions. We explore this phase transition both within a Ginzburg-Landau framework valid in a limited parameter space and then by inspecting the full chiral Lagrangian in all the accessible parameter space. Across the phase transition between the two broken phases the order parameter becomes an &lt;i&gt;SU&lt;i/&gt;(2) doublet, with the ground state fixing the expectation value of the sum of the magnitude squared of the pion and the diquark fields. Furthermore, we find that the Lagrangian at equal chemical potentials is invariant under global &lt;i&gt;SU&lt;i/&gt;(2) transformations and construct the effective Lagrangian of the three Goldstone degrees of freedom by integrating out the radial fluctuations."
"Recently a lot of progress has been made in deriving the heavy quark potential within a QCD medium. In this article we have considered heavy quarkonium in a hot quark gluon plasma phase. The heavy-quark potential has been modeled properly for short as well as long distances. The potential at long distances is modeled as a QCD string which is screened at the same scale as the Coulomb field. We have numerically solved the -dimensional Schrodinger equation for this potential and obtained the eigen wavefunction and binding energy for the 1&lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt; and 2&lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt; states of charmonium and bottomonium. Further, we have calculated the decay width and dissociation temperature of quarkonium states in the QCD plasma. Finally, we have used our recently proposed unified model with these new values of decay widths to calculate the survival probability of the various quarkonium states with respect to centrality at relativistic heavy ion collider and large hadron collider energies. This study provides a unified, consistent and comprehensive description of spectroscopic properties of various quarkonium states at finite temperatures along with their nuclear modification factor at different collision energies."
"Reggeon cuts in QCD amplitudes with negative signature are discussed. These cuts appear in the next-to-next-to-leading logarithmic approximation and greatly complicate the derivation of the BFKL equation. Feynman diagrams responsible for appearance of these cuts are indicated and the cut contributions are calculated in the two- and three-loop approximations."
"The decays of top quark are extremely rare processes in the standard model (SM). The predictions on the corresponding branching ratios in the SM are too small to be detected in the future, hence any measurable signal for the processes at the LHC is a smoking gun for new physics. In the extension of minimal supersymmetric standard model with an additional local gauge symmetry (B-LSSM), new gauge interaction and new flavor changing interaction affect the theoretical evaluations on corresponding branching ratios of those processes. In this work, we analyze those processes in the B-LSSM, under a minimal flavor violating assumption for the soft breaking terms. Considering the constraints from updated experimental data, the numerical results imply , , and in our chosen parameter space. Simultaneously, new gauge coupling constants in the B-LSSM can also affect the numerical results of ."
"We study exact models for anisotropic gravitating stars with conformal symmetry. The gravitational potentials are related explicitly by the conformal vector. We use this relationship between the metric potentials to find new classes of exact solutions to the field equations. We identify a particular model to study the physical features and demonstrate that the model is well behaved. In particular the criteria for stability are satisfied. We regain masses, radii and surface redshifts for the compact objects PSR J1614-2230 and SAX J1808.4-3658."
"Within the framework of the recent Eddington-inspired Born-Infeld (EiBI) theory we study gravitational field around an &lt;i&gt;SO&lt;i/&gt;(3) global monopole. The solution also suffers from the deficit solid angle as in the Barriola-Vilenkin metric but shows a distinct feature that cannot be transformed away unless in the vanishing EiBI coupling constant, . When seen as a black hole eating up a global monopole, the corresponding Schwarzschild horizon is shrunk by . The deficit solid angle makes the space is globally not Euclidean, and to first order in (weak-field limit) the deflection angle of light is smaller than its Barriola-Vilenkin counterpart."
"A first measurement of neutrinos from the CNO fusion cycle in the Sun would allow a resolution to the current solar metallicity problem. Detection of these low-energy neutrinos requires a low-threshold detector, while discrimination from radioactive backgrounds in the region of interest is significantly enhanced via directional sensitivity. This combination can be achieved in a water-based liquid scintillator target, which offers enhanced energy resolution beyond a standard water Cherenkov detector. We study the sensitivity of such a detector to CNO neutrinos under various detector and background scenarios, and draw conclusions about the requirements for such a detector to successfully measure the CNO neutrino flux. A detector designed to measure CNO neutrinos could also achieve a few-percent measurement of pep neutrinos."
"We discuss lepton charge asymmetries in and production at the LHC, which can be measured in the semileptonic decay channel (or the charge conjugate). Considering several variants of a new physics scenario with a light colour octet, it is seen that for these asymmetries may have a sensitivity competitive with the dilepton asymmetry already measured. For the new leptonic asymmetries, as well as the charge asymmetry, will reach their full potential with the high luminosity LHC upgrade. These asymmetries can pinpoint deviations at the level for new physics scenarios where the charge asymmetries already measured in production agree within ."
"We study a dynamic version of the Unruh effect in a two dimensional collapse model forming a black hole. In this two-dimensional collapse model a scalar field coupled to the dilaton gravity, moving leftwards, collapses to form a black hole. There are two sets of asymptotic () observers, around and . The observers at the right null infinity witness a thermal flux of radiation associated with time dependent geometry leading to a black hole formation and its subsequent Hawking evaporation, in an expected manner. We show that even the observers at left null infinity find themselves in thermal ambiance, without experiencing any change of spacetime geometry all along their trajectories. They remain as inertial observers in a &lt;i&gt;flat&lt;i/&gt; region of spacetime where curvature tensor identically vanishes in a portion of full spacetime. These observers find the state of the quantum field in a late time thermal configuration, with &lt;i&gt;exactly the same&lt;i/&gt; temperature as measured by the observers at right null infinity, &lt;i&gt;despite being inertial in flat spacetime region throughout their history&lt;i/&gt;. This is very closely related to the standard Unruh effect in the flat spacetime, except for a key difference – since they are inertial throughout and &lt;i&gt;have no causally connected source in the past light cone to account for what they see&lt;i/&gt;. The result arises from quantum correlations which extend outside the past light cone and is conceptually similar to the EPR correlations."
"The solutions of &lt;i&gt;U&lt;i/&gt;(1) gauge-gravity coupling is one of the interesting models for analyzing the semi-classical nature of spacetime. In this regard, different well-known singular and nonsingular solutions have been taken into account. The paper at hand investigates the geometrical properties of the magnetic solutions by considering Maxwell and power Maxwell invariant (PMI) nonlinear electromagnetic fields in the context of massive gravity. These solutions are free of curvature singularity, but have a conic one which leads to presence of deficit/surplus angle. The emphasize is on modifications that these generalizations impose on deficit angle which determine the total geometrical structure of the solutions, hence, physical/gravitational properties. It will be shown that depending on the background spacetime [being anti de Sitter (AdS) or de Sitter (dS)], these generalizations present different effects and modify the total structure of the solutions differently."
"In this paper, the strong form factors and coupling constants of and vertices are investigated within the three-point QCD sum rules method with and without the symmetry. In this calculation, the contributions of the quark–quark, quark–gluon, and gluon–gluon condensate corrections are considered. As an example of specific application of these coupling constants, the branching ratio of the hadronic decay is analyzed based on the one-particle-exchange which is one of the phenomenological models. In this model, &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt; decays into a intermediate state, and then these two particles exchange a producing the final and mesons. In order to compute the effect of these interactions, the and form factors are needed."
"We calculate the partial decay width of the excited vector charmonium states around 4.6 GeV with the quark pair creation model. We find that the partial decay width of the mode can reach up to several MeV for . In contrast, the partial decay width of the states is less than one MeV. If the enhancement &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4630) reported by the Belle Collaboration in invariant-mass distribution is the same structure as &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4660), the &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(4660) resonance is most likely to be a &lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt;-wave charmonium state."
"Experiments based on noble elements such as gaseous or liquid argon or xenon utilize the ionization and scintillation properties of the target materials to detect radiation-induced recoils. A requirement for high light and charge yields is to reduce electronegative impurities well below the ppb (parts per billion, 1 ppb  mol/mol) level. To achieve this, the target material is continuously circulated in the gas phase through a purifier and returned to the detector. Additionally, the low backgrounds necessary dictate low-Rn-emanation rates from all components that contact the gas. Since commercial pumps often introduce electronegative impurities from lubricants on internal components or through small air leaks, and are not designed to meet the radiopurity requirements, custom-built pumps are an advantageous alternative. A new pump has been developed in Muenster in cooperation with the nEXO group at Stanford University and the nEXO/XENON group at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute based on a magnetically-coupled piston in a hermetically sealed low-Rn-emanating vessel. This pump delivers high performance for noble gases, reaching more than 210 standard liters per minute (slpm) with argon and more than 170 slpm with xenon while maintaining a compression of up to 1.9 bar, demonstrating its capability for noble gas detectors and other applications requiring high standards of gas purity."
"We attempt to study a singularity-free model for the spherically symmetric anisotropic strange stars under Einstein’s general theory of relativity by exploiting the Tolman–Kuchowicz (Tolman in Phys Rev 55:364, 1939; Kuchowicz in Acta Phys Pol 33:541, 1968) metric. Further, we have assumed that the cosmological constant is a scalar variable dependent on the spatial coordinate &lt;i&gt;r&lt;i/&gt;. To describe the strange star candidates we have considered that they are made of strange quark matter distribution, which is assumed to be governed by the MIT bag equation of state. To obtain unknown constants of the stellar system we match the interior Tolman–Kuchowicz metric to the exterior modified Schwarzschild metric with the cosmological constant, at the surface of the system. Following Deb et al. (Ann Phys 387:239, 2017) we have predicted the exact values of the radii for different strange star candidates based on the observed values of the masses of the stellar objects and the chosen parametric values of the as well as the bag constant . The set of solutions satisfies all the physical requirements to represent strange stars. Interestingly, our study reveals that as the values of the and increase the anisotropic system become gradually smaller in size turning the whole system into a more compact ultra-dense stellar object."
"Entropic Leggett–Garg inequality is studied in systems like neutrinos in the context of two and three flavor neutrino oscillations and in neutral , and &lt;i&gt;K&lt;i/&gt; mesons. The neutrino dynamics is described with the matter effect taken into consideration. For the decohering &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt; / &lt;i&gt;K&lt;i/&gt; meson systems, the effect of decoherence and CP violation have also been taken into account, using the techniques of open quantum systems. Enhancement in the violation with increase in the number of measurements has been found, in consistency with findings in spin-&lt;i&gt;s&lt;i/&gt; systems. The effect of decoherence is found to bring the deficit parameter closer to its classical value zero, as expected. The violation of entropic Leggett–Garg inequality lasts for a much longer time in &lt;i&gt;K&lt;i/&gt; meson system than in and systems."
"We present an algorithm to rearrange the colour chains of dipole showers in the shower process according to the colour amplitudes of a simple matrix element. We implement the procedure in the dipole shower of Herwig and show comparisons to data."
"We investigate whether the symmetry transformations of a bosonic string are connected by T-duality. We start with a standard closed string theory. We continue with a modified open string theory, modified to preserve the symmetry transformations possessed by the closed string theory. Because the string theory is conformally invariant world-sheet field theory, in order to find the transformations which preserve the physics, one has to demand the isomorphism between the conformal field theories corresponding to the initial and the transformed field configurations. We find the symmetry transformations corresponding to the similarity transformation of the energy-momentum tensor, and find that their generators are T-dual. Particularly, we find that the general coordinate and local gauge transformations are T-dual, so we conclude that T-duality in addition to the well-known exchanges, transforms symmetries of the initial and its T-dual theory into each other."
"Considering the mass, parity and decay mode, we tentatively assign the as the wave states with one radial excitation. Then, via studying the strong decay behavior of the within the model, we obtain that the total decay widths of the and states are 16.27 and 25.39 MeV, respectively. Compared with the experimental total width measured by LHCb Collaboration, both assignments are allowed, and the assignment is more favorable. Other -mode states are also investigated, which are most likely to be narrow states and have good potential to be observed in future experiments."
"In this article, the energy–momentum distributions associated with a topologically trivial Gödel-type space–time, using different complexes of Møller, Einstein, Landau–Lifshitz, Papapetrou, and Bergmann–Thomson, is evaluated. The results obtained here may support the Cooperstock’s energy localization hypothesis. Finally, we investigate the relativistic quantum effects on scalar and spin-half particles in this space–time without any potential, and analyse the influence of vorticity parameter on the energy eigenvalues of the system."
"In-situ production of radioisotopes by cosmic muon interactions may generate a non-negligible background for deep underground rare event searches. Previous Monte Carlo studies for the Gerda experiment at Lngs identified the delayed decays of Ge and its metastable state Ge as dominant cosmogenic background in the search for neutrinoless double beta decay of Ge. This might limit the sensitivity of next generation experiments aiming for increased Ge mass at background-free conditions and thereby define a minimum depth requirement. A re-evaluation of the Ge background for the Gerda experiment has been carried out by a set of Monte Carlo simulations. The obtained Ge production rate is () nuclei/(kgyear). After application of state-of-the-art active background suppression techniques and simple delayed coincidence cuts this corresponds to a background contribution of cts/(keVkgyear). The suppression achieved by this strategy equals an effective muon flux reduction of more than one order of magnitude. This virtual depth increase opens the way for next generation rare event searches."
"We add a thermal noise to Starobinsky equation of slow roll inflation. We calculate the number of e-folds of the stochastic system. The power spectrum and the spectral index are evaluated from the fluctuations of the e-folds using an expansion in the quantum and thermal noise terms."
"We study the discovery and discriminating prospects of the Higgs portal dark matter (DM) models for scalar, fermion and vector DM and their extensions in proton–proton (&lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt;) collisions. The DM associated production in dileptonic final states is considered, in which the stransverse mass of two leptons is found to be effective in suppressing the Standard Model backgrounds along with the missing transverse energy and the angle between two leptons. The distributions of missing transverse energy and polar angle between two leptons are used for a discrimination of the spin nature of DM. For the proposed benchmark points, the discovery/exclusion can be made with an integrated luminosity less than 1 ab given a 1% systematic uncertainty, while the spin discrimination require integrated luminosity of a few O(10) ab given a 0.5% systematic uncertainty. The DM phenomenology is also discussed. A consistent DM candidate can be obtained either by extending our model where the Higgs portal couples to excited dark states that decay into DM, or modifying the coupling form into pseudoscalar."
"The quasinormal modes of charged and uncharged massive scalar fields and also of charged Dirac fields against the background of a charged spherical black hole endowed with a scalar hair have been investigated. Special emphasis has been given to the case where negative scalar charge dominates over the electric charge of the black hole which mimics an Einstein-Rosen bridge. Except for the complete monotonic behaviour of the damping (imaginary part of the quasinormal frequency) against the charge of the black hole as opposed to the existence of a peak for the pure Reissner-Nordström case, the qualitative behaviour does not appreciably change due to the presence of scalar hair."
"We explore the breaking effects of the &lt;i&gt;SU&lt;i/&gt;(3) flavor symmetry in the singly Cabibbo-suppressed anti-triplet charmed baryon decays of , with and the baryon (pseudo-scalar) octets. We find that these breaking effects can be used to account for the experimental data on the decay branching ratios of and /. In addition, we obtain that , and , which all receive significant contributions from the breaking effects, and can be tested by the BESIII and LHCb experiments."
"The mass spectra and decay properties of heavy quarkonia are computed in nonrelativistic quark-antiquark Cornell potential model. We have employed the numerical solution of Schrödinger equation to obtain their mass spectra using only four parameters namely quark mass (, ) and confinement strength (, ). The spin hyperfine, spin-orbit and tensor components of the one gluon exchange interaction are computed perturbatively to determine the mass spectra of excited &lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;P&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;F&lt;i/&gt; states. Digamma, digluon and dilepton decays of these mesons are computed using the model parameters and numerical wave functions. The predicted spectroscopy and decay properties for quarkonia are found to be consistent with available data from experiments, lattice QCD and other theoretical approaches. We also compute mass spectra and life time of the meson without additional parameters. The computed electromagnetic transition widths of heavy quarkonia and mesons are in tune with available experimental data and other theoretical approaches."
"In this paper the Lagrangian density of a purely kinetic k-essence model that describes the behavior of dark energy described by four parameterized equations of state proposed by Cooray and Huterer (Astrophys J 513:L95, 1999), Zhang and Wu (Mod Phys Lett A 27:1250030, 2012), Linder (Phys Rev Lett 90:091301, 2003), Efstathiou (Mon Not R Astron Soc 310:842, 2000), and Feng and Lu (J Cosmol Astropart Phys 1111:34, 2011) has been reconstructed. This reconstruction is performed using the method outlined by de Putter and Linder (Astropart Phys 28:263, 2007), which makes it possible to solve the equations that relate the Lagrangian density of the k-essence with the given equation of state (EoS) numerically. Finally, we discuss the observational constraints for the models based on 1049 SNIa data points from the Pantheon data set compiled by Scolnic et al. (Astrophys J 859(2):101, 2018)"
"The AdS/Ricci-flat (AdS/RF) correspondence is a map between families of asymptotically locally AdS solutions on a torus and families of asymptotically flat spacetimes on a sphere. The aim of this work is to perturbatively extend this map to general AdS and asymptotically flat solutions. A prime application for such map would be the development of holography for Minkowski spacetime. In this paper we perform a Kaluza–Klein (KK) reduction of AdS on a torus and of Minkowski on a sphere, keeping all massive KK modes. Such computation is interesting on its own, as there are relatively few examples of such explicit KK reductions in the literature. We perform both KK reductions in parallel to illustrate their similarity. In particular, we show how to construct gauge invariant variables, find the field equations they satisfy, and construct a corresponding effective action. We further diagonalize all equations and find their general solution in closed form. Surprisingly, in the limit of large dimension of the compact manifolds (torus and sphere), the AdS/RF correspondence maps individual KK modes from one side to the other. In a sequel of this paper we will discuss how the AdS/RF maps acts on general linear perturbations."
"A measurement of the electroweak (EW) production of two jets in association with a boson in proton-proton collisions at is presented, based on data recorded in 2016 by the CMS experiment at the LHC corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 35.9. The measurement is performed in the final state with including electrons and muons, and the jets j corresponding to the quarks produced in the hard interaction. The measured cross section in a kinematic region defined by invariant masses , , and transverse momenta is , in agreement with leading-order standard model predictions. The final state is also used to perform a search for anomalous trilinear gauge couplings. No evidence is found and limits on anomalous trilinear gauge couplings associated with dimension-six operators are given in the framework of an effective field theory. The corresponding 95% confidence level intervals are and . The additional jet activity of events in a signal-enriched region is also studied, and the measurements are in agreement with predictions."
"This paper deals with the study of Bianchi type-I universe in the context of Nash gravity by using the Noether symmetry approach. We shortly revisit the Nash theory of gravity. We make a short recap of the Noether symmetry approach and consider the geometry for Bianchi-type I model. We obtain the exact general solutions of the theory inherently exhibited by the Noether symmetry. We also examine the cosmological implications of the model by discussing the two cases of viable scenarios. Surprisingly, we find that the predictions are nicely compatible with those of the CDM model."
"The non-commutativity of the space-time had important implications for the very early Universe, when its size was of the order of the Planck length. An important implication of this effect is the deformation of the standard dispersion relation of special relativity. Moreover, in the Planck regime gravity itself must be described by a quantum theory. We consider the implications of the modified dispersion relations for a photon gas, filling the early Universe, in the framework of loop quantum cosmology, a theoretical approach to quantum gravity. We consider three types of deformations of the dispersion relations of the photon gas, from which we obtain the Planck scale corrections to the energy density and pressure. The cosmological implications of the modified equations of state are explored in detail for all radiation models in the framework of the modified Friedmann equation of loop quantum cosmology. By numerically integrating the evolution equations we investigate the evolution of the basic cosmological parameters (scale factor, Hubble function, radiation temperature, and deceleration parameter) for a deformed photon gas filled Universe. In all models the evolution of the Universe shows the presence of a (nonsingular) bounce, corresponding to the transition from a contracting to an expanding phase."
"Binary pulsar observations and gravitational wave detections seriously constrained scalar–tensor theories with massless scalar field allowing only small deviations from general relativity. If we consider a nonzero mass of the scalar field, though, significant deviations from general relativity are allowed for values of the parameters that are in agreement with the observations. In the present paper we extend this idea and we study scalar–tensor theory with massive field with self-interaction term in the potential. The additional term suppresses the scalar field in the neutron star models in addition to the effect of the mass of the scalar field but still, large deviations from pure GR can be observed for values of the parameters that are in agreement with the observations."
"Although experimental efforts have been active for about 30 years, a direct laboratory observation of vacuum magnetic birefringence, due to vacuum fluctuations, still needs confirmation: the predicted birefringence of vacuum is @ 1 T. Key ingredients of a polarimeter for detecting such a small birefringence are a long optical path within the magnetic field and a time dependent effect. To lengthen the optical path a Fabry–Perot is generally used with a finesse ranging from to . Interestingly, there is a difficulty in reaching the predicted shot noise limit of such polarimeters. We have measured the ellipticity and rotation noises along with Cotton-Mouton and Faraday effects as a function of the finesse of the cavity of the PVLAS polarimeter. The observations are consistent with the idea that the cavity mirrors generate a birefringence-dominated noise whose ellipticity is amplified by the cavity itself. The optical path difference sensitivity at is , a value which we believe is consistent with an intrinsic thermal noise in the mirror coatings. Our findings prove that the continuous efforts to increase the finesse of the cavity to improve the sensitivity has reached a limit."
"The effect of massive scalar perturbations on neutral black string in de Rham–Gabadadze–Tolley (dRGT) massive gravity is investigated through the study of the quasi-normal modes (QNMs). Due to the similarity between the equation of motion of the field in the black-string and black-hole background, similar numerical and analytical techniques can be used to explore the behaviour of the QNMs. We use the asymptotic iteration method (AIM) and the WKB method to numerically calculate the QNMs of scalar perturbation in the black string background with positive cosmological constant. High-momentum behaviour of such QNMs can be analytically approximated by the first-order WKB method with excellent accuracy. For near-extremal black string with event horizon very close to the cosmological horizon, the Pöschl–Teller technique gives accurate analytic formula for the QNMs. When massive-gravity-parameter increases, we found that the scalar modes oscillate with higher frequencies and decay faster. The QNMs of black string in spacetime with negative cosmological constant are explored in all range of possible using the spectral method. We found the movement of the holographic sound poles to collide and form diffusive poles as changes from positive to negative values. We observe no evidence of instability of neutral black string in both positive and negative cosmological constant cases."
"We calculate the two-body strong decays of the orbitally excited scalar mesons and by using the relativistic Bethe–Salpeter (BS) method. was observed recently by the LHCb Collaboration, the quantum number of which has not been determined yet. In this paper, we assume that it is the state and obtain the transition amplitude by using the PCAC relation, low-energy theorem and effective Lagrangian method. For the 1&lt;i&gt;P&lt;i/&gt; state, the total widths of and are 226 and 246 MeV, respectively. With the assumption of state, the widths of and are both about 131 MeV, which is close to the present experimental data. Therefore, is a strong candidate for the state."
"In the present work, we study the general surrounded Vaidya solution by the various cosmological fields and its nature describing the possibility of the formation of naked singularities or black holes. Motivated by the fact that &lt;i&gt;real&lt;i/&gt; astrophysical black holes as &lt;i&gt;non-stationary&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;non-isolated&lt;i/&gt; objects are living in non-empty backgrounds, we focus on the black hole subclasses of this general solution describing a dynamical evaporating-accreting black holes in the dynamical cosmological backgrounds of dust, radiation, quintessence, cosmological constant-like and phantom fields, the so called “surrounded Vaidya black hole”. Then, we analyze the timelike geodesics associated with the obtained surrounded black holes and we find that some new correction terms arise relative to the case of Schwarzschild black hole. Also, we address some of the subclasses of the obtained surrounded black hole solution for both dynamical and stationary limits. Moreover, we classify the obtained solutions according to their behaviors under imposing the positive energy condition and discuss how this condition imposes some severe and important restrictions on the black hole and its background field dynamics."
"We have derived a non-linear charged black hole solution, in the AdS spacetime, which behaves asymptotically like the RN-AdS black hole but at the short distances like a dS geometry. Thus, the black hole is regular. The thermodynamic quantities of the black hole are derived. Also, we analyzed in details the phase transitions of the black hole by observing the discontinuity of the heat capacity at constant pressure and the cusp type double points in the Gibbs free energy-temperature graph. Furthermore, the thermodynamic phases and their stability are investigated relying on the off-sell Gibbs free energy. Finally, we calculated the critical exponents characterizing the behavior of the relevant thermodynamic quantities near the critical point."
"We introduce the 3-colour noncommutative quantum field theory model in two dimensions. For this model we prove a generalised Ward–Takahashi identity, which is special to coloured noncommutative QFT models. It reduces to the usual Ward–Takahashi identity in a particular case. The Ward–Takahashi identity is used to simplify the Schwinger–Dyson equations for the 2-point function and the &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt;-point function. The absence of any renormalisation conditions in the large -limit in 2D leads to a recursive integral equation for the 2-point function, which we solve perturbatively to sixth order in the coupling constant."
"We perform a non-perturbative study of the scale-dependent renormalisation factors of a complete set of dimension-six four-fermion operators without power subtractions. The renormalisation-group (RG) running is determined in the continuum limit for a specific Schrödinger Functional (SF) renormalisation scheme in the framework of lattice QCD with two dynamical flavours (). The theory is regularised on a lattice with a plaquette Wilson action and -improved Wilson fermions. For one of these operators, the computation had been performed in Dimopoulos et al. (JHEP &lt;b&gt;0805&lt;b/&gt;, 065 (2008). arXiv:0712.2429); the present work completes the study for the rest of the operator basis, on the same simulations (configuration ensembles). The related weak matrix elements arise in several operator product expansions; in transitions they contain the QCD long-distance effects, including contributions from beyond-Standard Model (BSM) processes. Some of these operators mix under renormalisation and their RG-running is governed by anomalous dimension matrices. In Papinutto et al. (Eur Phys J C &lt;b&gt;77&lt;b/&gt;(6), 376 (2017). arXiv:1612.06461) the RG formalism for the operator basis has been worked out in full generality and the anomalous dimension matrix has been calculated in NLO perturbation theory. Here the discussion is extended to the matrix step-scaling functions, which are used in finite-size recursive techniques. We rely on these matrix-SSFs to obtain non-perturbative estimates of the operator anomalous dimensions for scales ranging from to ."
"Direct Dark Matter searches are nowadays one of the most fervid research topics with many experimental efforts devoted to the search for nuclear recoils induced by the scattering of Weakly Interactive Massive Particles (WIMPs). Detectors able to reconstruct the direction of the nucleus recoiling against the scattering WIMP are opening a new frontier to possibly extend Dark Matter searches beyond the neutrino background. Exploiting directionality would also prove the galactic origin of Dark Matter with an unambiguous signal-to-background separation. Indeed, the angular distribution of recoiled nuclei is centered around the direction of the Cygnus constellation, while the background distribution is expected to be isotropic. Current directional experiments are based on gas TPC whose sensitivity is limited by the small achievable detector mass. In this paper we present the discovery potential of a directional experiment based on the use of a solid target made of newly developed nuclear emulsions and of optical read-out systems reaching unprecedented nanometric resolution."
"For the Yang–Mills theory coupled to a single scalar field in the fundamental representation of the gauge group, we present a gauge-independent description of the Brout–Englert–Higgs mechanism by which massless gauge bosons acquire their mass. The new description should be compared with the conventional gauge-dependent description relying on the spontaneous gauge symmetry breaking due to a choice of the non-vanishing vacuum expectation value of the scalar field. In this paper we focus our consideration on the fundamental scalar field which extends the previous work done for the Yang–Mills theory with an adjoint scalar field. Moreover, we show that the Yang–Mills theory with a gauge-invariant mass term is obtained from the corresponding gauge-scalar model when the radial degree of freedom (length) of the scalar field is fixed. The result obtained in this paper is regarded as a continuum realization of the Fradkin–Shenker continuity and Osterwalder–Seiler theorem for the complementarity between Higgs regime and Confinement regime which was given in the gauge-invariant framework of the lattice gauge theory. Moreover, we discuss how confinement is investigated through the gauge-independent Brout–Englert–Higgs mechanism by starting with the complementary gauge-scalar model."
"Higher-order corrections to the MSSM Higgs-boson masses are desirable for accurate predictions currently testable at the LHC. By comparing the prediction with the measured value of the discovered Higgs signal, viable parameter regions can be inferred. For an improved theory accuracy, we compute all two-loop corrections involving the strong coupling for the Higgs-boson mass spectrum of the MSSM with complex parameters. Apart from the dependence on the strong coupling, these contributions depend on the weak coupling and Yukawa couplings, leading to terms of  and , (). The full dependence on the external momentum and all relevant mass scales is taken into account. The calculation is performed in the Feynman-diagrammatic approach which is flexible in the choice of the employed renormalization scheme. For the phenomenological results presented here, a renormalization scheme consistent with higher-order corrections included in the code FeynHiggs is adopted. For the evaluation of the results, a total of 513 two-loop two-point integrals with up to five different mass scales are computed fully numerically using the program SecDec. A comparison with existing results in the limit of real parameters and/or vanishing external momentum is carried out, and the impact on the lightest Higgs-boson mass is discussed, including the dependence on complex phases. The new results will be included in the public code FeynHiggs."
"Tensor currents are the only quark bilinear operators lacking a non-perturbative determination of their renormalisation group (RG) running between hadronic and electroweak scales. We develop the setup to carry out the computation in lattice QCD via standard recursive finite-size scaling techniques, and provide results for the RG running of tensor currents in and QCD in the continuum for various Schrödinger Functional schemes. The matching factors between bare and renormalisation group invariant currents are also determined for a range of values of the lattice spacing relevant for large-volume simulations, thus enabling a fully non-perturbative renormalization of physical amplitudes mediated by tensor currents."
"The Khuri–Treiman formalism models the partial-wave expansion of a scattering amplitude as a sum of three individual truncated series, capturing the low-energy dynamics of the direct and cross channels. We cast this formalism into dispersive equations to study scattering, and compare their expressions and numerical output to the Roy and GKPY equations. We prove that the Khuri–Treiman equations and Roy equations coincide when both are truncated to include only &lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt;- and &lt;i&gt;P&lt;i/&gt;-waves. When higher partial waves are included, we find an excellent agreement between the Khuri–Treiman and the GKPY results. This lends credence to the notion that the Khuri–Treiman formalism is a reliable low-energy tool for studying hadronic reaction amplitudes."
"We quantify and examine the uncertainties in predictions of the lightest even Higgs boson pole mass in the Minimal Supersymmetric Standard Model (), utilising current spectrum generators and including some three-loop corrections. There are two broadly different approximations being used: effective field theory (EFT) where an effective Standard Model () is used below a supersymmetric mass scale, and a fixed order calculation, where the is matched to at the electroweak scale. The uncertainties on the prediction in each approach are broken down into logarithmic and finite pieces. The inferred values of the stop mass parameters are sensitively dependent upon the precision of the prediction for . The fixed order calculation appears to be more accurate below a supersymmetry (SUSY) mass scale of , whereas above this scale, the EFT calculation is more accurate. We also revisit the range of the lightest stop mass across fine-tuned parameter space that has an appropriate stable vacuum and is compatible with the lightest even Higgs boson &lt;i&gt;h&lt;i/&gt; being identified with the one discovered at the ATLAS and CMS experiments in 2012; we achieve a maximum value of  GeV."
"If neutrinos are Dirac particles and their right-handed components can be copiously produced in the early universe, then they could influence a direct observation of the cosmic neutrino background, which, most likely, will come about with the recently proposed PTOLEMY experiment. For coupling of photons to the right-handed neutrinos we use a state-of-the-art version of gauge field theory deformed by the spacetime noncommutativity, to disclose by it not only the decoupling temperature for the said neutrino component, but also the otherwise hidden coupling temperature. Considering two relevant processes, the plasmon decay and the neutrino elastic scattering, we study the interplay between the structure of the noncommutativity parameter (type of noncommutativity) and the reheating temperature after inflation to obtain otherwise elusive upper bound on the scale of noncommutativity . If PTOLEMY enhanced capture rate is due to spacetime noncommutativity, we verify that a nontrivial maximum upper bound on (way below the Planck scale) emerges for a space-like and sufficiently high reheating temperature."
"Considering the constraints on model parameters from the latest experimental data, we study the contributions of new gauge boson predicted by the general 221 models to the radiative leptonic decays of charged &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt; mesons. It is found that the largest contributions of in the non-universal 221 model to the branching fractions occur in the decay modes and , which can reach to about of the corresponding SM values in the up-quark mixing scenario. In contrast, the relative corrections of predicted by the un-unified 221 model to the branching fractions are very tiny and identical for all the decay modes."
"In the paper, within the background field method, the structure of renormalizations is studied as for Yang–Mills fields interacting with a multiplet of spinor fields. By extending the Faddeev–Popov action with extra fields and parameters, one is allowed to establish the multiplicative character of the renormalizability. The renormalization of the physical parameters is shown to be gauge-independent."
"We revisit the uncertainties in the calculation of spin-independent scattering matrix elements for the scattering of WIMP dark matter particles on nuclear matter. In addition to discussing the uncertainties due to limitations in our knowledge of the nucleonic matrix elements of the light quark scalar densities , we also discuss the importances of heavy quark scalar densities , and comment on uncertainties in quark mass ratios. We analyze estimates of the light-quark densities made over the past decade using lattice calculations and/or phenomenological inputs. We find an uncertainty in the combination that is larger than has been assumed in some phenomenological analyses, and a range of that is smaller but compatible with earlier estimates. We also analyze the importance of the calculations of the heavy-quark matrix elements that are now available, which provide an important refinement of the calculation of the spin-independent scattering cross section. We use for illustration a benchmark CMSSM point in the focus-point region that is compatible with the limits from LHC and other searches."
"We investigate the Lagrange multiplier formulation of teleparallel theories, including &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity, in which the connection is not set to zero &lt;i&gt;a priori&lt;i/&gt; and compare it with the pure frame theory. We show explicitly that the two formulations are equivalent, in the sense that the dynamical equations have the same content. One consequence is that the manifestly local Lorentz invariant &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) theory cannot be expected to be free of pathologies, which were previously found to plague &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity formulated in the usual pure frame approach."
"The hybrid metric-Palatini gravity is a recently devised approach to modified gravity in which it is added to the metric Ricci scalar &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, in the Einstein–Hilbert Lagrangian, a function of Palatini curvature scalar , which is constructed from an independent connection. These hybrid metric-Palatini gravity theories provide an alternative way to explain the current accelerating expansion without a dark energy matter component. If gravitation is to be described by a hybrid metric-Palatini gravity theory there are a number of issues that ought to be examined in its context, including the question as to whether its equations allow homogeneous Gödel-type solutions, which necessarily leads to violation of causality. Here, to look further into the potentialities and difficulties of theories, we examine whether they admit Gödel-type solutions for physically well-motivated matter source. We first show that under certain conditions on the matter sources the problem of finding out space-time homogeneous (ST-homogeneous) solutions in theories reduces to the problem of determining solutions of Einstein’s field equations with a cosmological constant. Employing this far-reaching result, we determine a general ST-homogeneous Gödel-type solution whose matter source is a combination of a scalar with an electromagnetic fields plus a perfect fluid. This general Gödel-type solution contains special solutions in which the essential parameter can be hyperbolic family, linear class, and trigonometric family, covering thus all classes of homogeneous Gödel-type spacetimes. This general solution also contains all previously known solutions as special cases. The bare existence of these Gödel-type solutions makes apparent that hybrid metric-Palatini gravity does not remedy causal anomaly in the form of closed timelike curves that are permitted in general relativity."
"Azimuthal correlations between the two jets with the largest transverse momenta in inclusive 2-, 3-, and 4-jet events are presented for several regions of the leading jet up to 4. For 3- and 4-jet scenarios, measurements of the minimum azimuthal angles between any two of the three or four leading jets are also presented. The analysis is based on data from proton–proton collisions collected by the CMS Collaboration at a centre-of-mass energy of 13, corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 35.9. Calculations based on leading-order matrix elements supplemented with parton showering and hadronization do not fully describe the data, so next-to-leading-order calculations matched with parton shower and hadronization models are needed to better describe the measured distributions. Furthermore, we show that azimuthal jet correlations are sensitive to details of the parton showering, hadronization, and multiparton interactions. A next-to-leading-order calculation matched with parton showers in the MC@NLO method, as implemented in herwig  7, gives a better overall description of the measurements than the powheg method."
"A search for new heavy particles that decay into top-quark pairs is performed using data collected from proton–proton collisions at a centre-of-mass energy of 13  by the ATLAS detector at the Large Hadron Collider. The integrated luminosity of the data sample is 36.1 fb. Events consistent with top-quark pair production are selected by requiring a single isolated charged lepton, missing transverse momentum and jet activity compatible with a hadronic top-quark decay. Jets identified as likely to contain &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-hadrons are required to reduce the background from other Standard Model processes. The invariant mass spectrum of the candidate top-quark pairs is examined for local excesses above the background expectation. No significant deviations from the Standard Model predictions are found. Exclusion limits are set on the production cross-section times branching ratio for hypothetical bosons, Kaluza–Kein gluons and Kaluza–Klein gravitons that decay into top-quark pairs."
"In this paper, we have derived a spatially flat homogeneous and isotropic cosmological model in gravity with a scalar field. In addition to a minimally coupled scalar field with self interacting potential, we also have a contribution from the coupling of the geometry and the field. We have reconstructed a form of by requiring the conservation of energy–momentum tensor of the scalar field. The behavior of the reconstructed gravity is examined for a flat potential as well as a massless scalar field model. The evolution of the universe is studied via the deceleration and equation of state parameters. The promising feature of the model is the transition behavior of the universe from deceleration to the present acceleration."
"Given the classical dynamics of a non-relativistic particle in terms of a Hamiltonian or an action, it is relatively straightforward to obtain the non-relativistic quantum mechanics (NRQM) of the system. These standard procedures, based on either the Hamiltonian or the path integral, however, do not work in the case of a relativistic particle. As a result we do not have a single-particle description of relativistic quantum mechanics (RQM). Instead, the correct approach requires a transmutation of dynamical variables from the position and momentum of a single particle to a field and its canonical momentum. Particles, &lt;i&gt;along with antiparticles&lt;i/&gt;, reappear in a very nontrivial manner as the excitations of the field. The fact that one needs to adopt completely different languages to describe a relativistic and non-relativistic free particle implies that obtaining the NRQM limit of QFT is conceptually nontrivial. I examine this limit in several approaches (like, for e.g., Hamiltonian dynamics, Lagrangian and Hamiltonian path integrals, field theoretic description etc.) and identify the precise issues which arise when one attempts to obtain the NRQM from QFT in each of these approaches. The dichotomy of NRQM and QFT does not originate just from the square root in the Hamiltonian or from the demand of Lorentz invariance, as is sometimes claimed. The real difficulty has its origin in the necessary existence of antiparticles to ensure a particular notion of relativistic causality. Because of these conceptual issues, it turns out that one &lt;i&gt;cannot&lt;i/&gt;, in fact, obtain some of the popular descriptions of NRQM by &lt;i&gt;any&lt;i/&gt; sensible limiting procedure applied to QFT. To obtain NRQM from QFT in a seamless manner, it is necessary to work with NRQM expressed in a language closer to that of QFT. This fact has several implications, especially for the operational notion of space coordinates in quantum theory. A close examination of these issues, which arise when quantum theory is combined with special relativity, could offer insights in the context of attempts to combine quantum theory with general relativity."
"We report on the measurement of the inclusive J/ polarization parameters in pp collisions at a center of mass energy  TeV with the ALICE detector at the LHC. The analysis is based on a data sample corresponding to an integrated luminosity of 1.23 pb. J/ resonances are reconstructed in their di-muon decay channel in the rapidity interval and over the transverse-momentum interval  . The three polarization parameters (, , ) are measured as a function of both in the helicity and Collins-Soper reference frames. The measured J/ polarization parameters are found to be compatible with zero within uncertainties, contrary to expectations from all available predictions. The results are compared with the measurement in pp collisions at  TeV."
"We have corrected Eqs. (17)–(20) from Section 8 of the original paper."
"We investigate galactic rotation curves in &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity, where &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt; represents a torsional quantity. Our study centers on the particular Lagrangian , where and is a small unknown constant. To do this we treat galactic rotation curves as being composed from two distinct features of galaxies, namely the disk and the bulge. This process is carried out for several values of the index &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt;. The resulting curve is then compared with Milky Way profile data to constrain the value of the index &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt; while fitting for the parameter . These values are then further tested on three other galaxies with different morphologies. On the galactic scale we find that &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity departs from standard Newtonian theory in an important way. For a small range of values of &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt; we find good agreement with data without the need for exotic matter components to be introduced."
"meson measurements provide insight into strangeness production, which is one of the key observables for the hot medium formed in high-energy heavy-ion collisions. ALICE measured production through its decay in muon pairs in Pb–Pb collisions at TeV in the intermediate transverse momentum range  GeV/c and in the rapidity interval . The yield was measured as a function of the transverse momentum and collision centrality. The nuclear modification factor was obtained as a function of the average number of participating nucleons. Results were compared with the ones obtained via the kaon decay channel in the same range at midrapidity. The values of the nuclear modification factor in the two rapidity regions are in agreement within uncertainties."
"We study the minimal geometric deformation decoupling in dimensional space–times and implement it as a tool for obtaining anisotropic solutions from isotropic geometries. Interestingly, both the isotropic and the anisotropic sector fulfill Einstein field equations in contrast to the cases studied in dimensions. In particular, new anisotropic solutions are obtained from the well known static BTZ solution."
"Markarian 421 is a high-peaked BL Lac object and it has undergone many strong outbursts since its discovery as a TeV source in 1992. Markarian 421 has been studied intensively and was observed by various Cherenkov telescope arrays ever since. The outbursts of April 2004 observed by the Whipple telescope and of February 2010 by the HESS telescopes are explained well in this work by using the photohadronic model. To account for the attenuation of these high-energy gamma-rays by the extragalactic background light (EBL), we use template EBL models. The intrinsic spectrum of each epoch is different even though the high-energy protons have almost the same spectral index. We observe that this difference in intrinsic spectra is due to the change in the spectral index of the low-energy tail of the synchrotron self Compton (SSC) photons during different epochs of flaring. Our results show that the contemporaneous multiwavelength observations, particularly in the low-energy tail region of the SSC emission of the source, are important in explaining the flaring phenomenon."
"We consider the black hole information problem within the context of collapse theories in a scheme that allows the incorporation of the backreaction to the Hawking radiation. We explore the issue in a setting of the two dimensional version of black hole evaporation known as the Russo-Susskind-Thorlacius model. We summarize the general ideas based on the semiclassical version of Einstein’s equations and then discuss specific modifications that are required in the context of collapse theories when applied to this model."
"One of the main advantages of super-renormalizable higher derivative quantum gravity models is the possibility to derive exact beta functions, by making perturbative one-loop calculations. We perform such a calculation for the Newton constant by using the Barvinsky–Vilkovisky trace technology. The result is well-defined in a large class of models of gravity in the sense that the renormalization group beta functions do not depend on the gauge-fixing condition. Finally, we discuss the possibility to apply the results to a large class of nonlocal gravitational theories which are free of massive ghost-like states at the tree-level."
"We apply the generalized Lomb–Scargle (LS) periodogram to independently confirm the claim by Sturrock et al. (Astropart Phys 84:8. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.astropartphys.2016.07.005, 2016) of an oscillation at a frequency of 11/year in the decay rates of from measurements at the Physikalisch Technische Bundesanstalt (PTB), which however has been disputed by Kossert and Nahle (Astropart Phys 69:18. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.astropartphys.2015.03.003, 2015). For this analysis, we made two different &lt;i&gt;ansatze&lt;i/&gt; for the errors. For each peak in the LS periodogram, we evaluate the statistical significance using non-parametric bootstrap resampling. We find using both of these error models evidence for  11/year periodicity in the data for two of the three samples, but at a lower significance than claimed by Sturrock et al. [1]."
"The soft gluon limit of the longitudinal part of the quark-gluon vertex is studied by resorting to non-perturbative approaches to quantum chromodynamics (QCD). Based on a Slavnov–Taylor identity (STI), the longitudinal form factors is expressed in terms of the quark-ghost kernel, the quark self energy and the quark wave function. An exact relation between the non-vanishing longitudinal form factors is derived for the soft gluon limit and explored to understand the behaviour of the vertex. Within a Ball–Chiu vertex, the form factor was analysed using recent lattice simulations for full QCD for the soft gluon limit. The lattice data shows that the gluon propagator resumes the momentum dependence of such component of the vertex. This connection is understood via a fully dressed one-loop Bethe–Salpeter equation. The behaviour of the remaining longitudinal form factors and is investigated combining both the information of lattice simulations and the derived relations based on the STI."
"In this paper, we apply the method of reducing the dynamics of FRW cosmological models with a barotropic form of the equation of state to the dynamical system of the Newtonian type to detect the finite scale factor singularities and the finite-time singularities. In this approach all information concerning the dynamics of the system is contained in a diagram of the potential function &lt;i&gt;V&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;a&lt;i/&gt;) of the scale factor. Singularities of the finite scale factor make themselves manifest by poles of the potential function. In our approach the different types of singularities are represented by critical exponents in the power-law approximation of the potential. The classification can be given in terms of these exponents. We have found that the pole singularity can mimic an inflation epoch. We demonstrate that the cosmological singularities can be investigated in terms of the critical exponents of the potential function of the cosmological dynamical systems. We assume that the general form of the model contains matter and some kind of dark energy which is parameterised by the potential. We distinguish singularities (by an ansatz involving the Lagrangian) of the pole type with the inflation and demonstrate that such a singularity can appear in the past."
"In this paper we begin to perform systematic investigation of all possible regimes in spatially flat vacuum cosmological models in cubic Lovelock gravity. We consider the spatial section to be a product of three- and extra-dimensional isotropic subspaces, with the former considered to be our Universe. As the equations of motion are different for and general cases, we considered them all separately. Due to the quite large amount different subcases, in the current paper we consider only cases. For each &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt; case we found values for (Gauss–Bonnet coupling) and (cubic Lovelock coupling) which separate different dynamical cases, all isotropic and anisotropic exponential solutions, and study the dynamics in each region to find all possible regimes for all possible initial conditions and any values of and . The results suggest that in both &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt; cases the regimes with realistic compactification originate from so-called “generalized Taub” solution. The endpoint of the compactification regimes is either anisotropic exponential (for , (including entire )) or standard low-energy Kasner regime (for , ); as it is compactification regime, both endpoints have expanding three and contracting extra dimensions. There are two unexpected observations among the results – all realistic compactification regimes exist only for and there is no smooth transition between high-energy and low-energy Kasner regimes, the latter with realistic compactification."
"Quasilocal formulations of black hole are of immense importance since they reveal the essential and minimal assumptions required for a consistent description of black hole horizon, without relying on the asymptotic boundary conditions on fields. Using the quasilocal formulation of Isolated Horizons, we construct the Hamiltonian charges corresponding to local Lorentz transformations on a spacetime admitting isolated horizon as an internal boundary. From this construction, it arises quite generally that the &lt;i&gt;area&lt;i/&gt; of the horizon of an isolated black hole is the Hamiltonian charge for local Lorentz boost on the horizon. Using this argument further, it is shown that, observers at a fixed proper distance , very close to the horizon, may define a notion of horizon energy given by , the surface gravity is given by , and consequently, the first law can be written in the quasilocal setting as ."
"Recently, Will calculated an additional contribution to the Mercury’s precession of the longitude of perihelion of the order of (). It is partly a direct consequence of certain 1pN third-body accelerations entering the planetary equations of motion, and partly an indirect, mixed effect due to the simultaneous interplay of the standard 1pN pointlike acceleration of the primary with the Newtonian &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt;-body acceleration, to the quadrupole order, in the analytical calculation of the secular perihelion precession with the Gauss equations. We critically discuss the actual measurability of the mixed effects with respect to direct ones. The current uncertainties in either the magnitude of the Sun’s angular momentum and the orientation of its spin axis impact the precessions induced by the Sun’s quadrupole mass moment and angular momentum via the Lense–Thirring effect to a level which makes almost impossible to measure , even in the hypothesis that it comes entirely from the aforementioned 1pN third-body accelerations. On the other hand, from the point of view of the Lense–Thirring effect itself, the mismodeled quadrupolar precession due to the uncertainties in corresponds to a bias of of the relativistic one. The resulting simulated mismodeled range and range-rate times series of BepiColombo are at about the per cent level of the nominal gravitomagnetic ones."
"In our previous work we have constructed a model of noncommutative (NC) gravity based on gauge symmetry. In this paper we extend the model by adding matter fields: fermions and a &lt;i&gt;U&lt;i/&gt;(1) gauge field. Using the enveloping algebra approach and the Seiberg–Witten map we construct actions for these matter fields and expand the actions up to first order in the noncommutativity (deformation) parameter. Unlike in the case of pure NC gravity, first non-vanishing NC corrections are linear in the noncommutativity parameter. In the flat space–time limit we obtain a non-standard NC Electrodynamics. Finally, we discuss effects of noncommutativity on relativistic Landau levels of an electron in a constant background magnetic field and in addition we calculate the induced NC magnetic dipole moment of the electron."
"We study the electromagnetic coupling of a neutrino that propagates in a two-stream electron background medium. Specifically, we calculate the electromagnetic vertex function for a medium that consists of a &lt;i&gt;normal&lt;i/&gt; electron background plus another electron &lt;i&gt;stream&lt;i/&gt; background that is moving with a velocity four-vector relative to the normal background. The results can be used as the basis for studying the neutrino electromagnetic properties and various processes in such a medium. As an application, we calculate the neutrino dispersion relation in the presence of an external magnetic field (), focused in the case in which &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt; is inhomogeneous, keeping only the terms of the lowest order in and linear in the &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt; and its gradient. We show that the dispersion relation contains additional anisotropic terms involving the derivatives of , such as the gradient of , which involve the stream background velocity, and a term of the form that can be present in the absence of the stream background, in addition to a term of the form and the well known term that arises in the constant case. The derivative-dependent terms are even under a &lt;i&gt;CP&lt;i/&gt; transformation. As a result, in contrast to the latter two just mentioned, they depend on the sum of the particle and antiparticle densities and therefore can be non-zero in a &lt;i&gt;CP&lt;i/&gt;-symmetric medium in which the particle and antiparticle densities are equal."
"We study quantum aspects of the galileon duality, especially in the case of a particular interacting galileon theory that is said to be dual to a free theory through the action of a simultaneous field and coordinate transformation. This would appear to map a theory with multiple vacua to one with a unique vacuum state. However, by regulating the duality transformation using external sources, we are able to preserve the full vacuum structure in the dual frame. By explicitly calculating the one-particle irreducible effective action on a maximally symmetric background, we identify a semi-classical contribution to the Wightman functions that has not been taken into account in previous analyses due to the singular point in the duality map. This may affect its spectral properties at high energy scales. These observations cast doubt on the main evidence in support of a non-local UV structure for galileons."
"For a pair of incompatible quantum measurements, the total uncertainty can be bounded by a state-independent constant. However, such a bound can be violated if the quantum system is entangled with another quantum system (called memory); the quantum correlation between the systems can reduce the measurement uncertainty. On the other hand, in a curved spacetime, the presence of the Hawking radiation can reduce quantum correlation. The interplay of quantum correlation in the curved spacetime has become an interesting arena for studying uncertainty relations. Here we demonstrate that the bounds of the entropic uncertainty relations, in the presence of memory, can be formulated in terms of the Holevo quantity, which limits how much information can be encoded in a quantum system. Specifically, we considered examples with Dirac fields with and without spin, near the event horizon of a Schwarzschild black hole, the Holevo bound provides a better bound than the previous bound based on the mutual information. Furthermore, as the memory moves away from the black hole, the difference between the total uncertainty and the new lower bound remains a constant, not depending on any property of the black hole."
"We revisit the shadow of rotating traversable wormholes discussing the role of the wormhole throat in the shadow formation. For certain classes of wormholes the throat serves as a potential barrier for light rays with particular impact parameters, thus modifying the shadow shape. We consider a couple of wormhole solutions and examine the structure of their shadow images, and the intrinsic mechanisms for their formation. Some of the shadows possess cuspy edges, which arise due to the interplay of two distinct families of unstable spherical orbits. These solutions provide examples, in which the explicit mechanism for cusp formation can be uncovered."
"The &lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt;- and &lt;i&gt;P&lt;i/&gt;- wave phase shifts of low-energy pion-nucleon scatterings are analysed using Peking University representation, in which they are decomposed into various terms contributing either from poles or branch cuts. We estimate the left-hand cut contributions with the help of tree-level perturbative amplitudes derived in relativistic baryon chiral perturbation theory up to . It is found that in and channels, contributions from known resonances and cuts are far from enough to saturate experimental phase shift data – strongly indicating contributions from low lying poles undiscovered before, and we fully explore possible physics behind. On the other side, no serious disagreements are observed in the other channels."
"The article is dedicated to one of the most undeservedly overlooked properties of the cosmological models: the behaviour at, near and due to a jump discontinuity. It is most interesting that while the usual considerations of the cosmological dynamics deals heavily in the singularities produced by the discontinuities of the second kind (a.k.a. the essential discontinuities) of one (or more) of the physical parameters, almost no research exists to date that would turn to their natural extension/counterpart: the singularities induced by the discontinuities of the first kind (a.k.a. the jump discontinuities). It is this oversight that this article aims to amend. In fact, it demonstrates that the inclusion of such singularities allows one to produce a number of very interesting scenarios of cosmological evolution. For example, it produces the cosmological models with a finite value of the equation of state parameter even when both the energy density and the pressure diverge, while at the same time keeping the scale factor finite. Such a dynamics is shown to be possible only when the scale factor experiences a finite jump at some moment of time. Furthermore, if it is the first derivative of the scale factor that experiences a jump, then a whole new and different type of a sudden future singularity appears. Finally, jump discontinuities suffered by either a second or third derivatives of a scale factor lead to cosmological models experiencing a sudden dephantomization – or avoiding the phantomization altogether. This implies that theoretically there should not be any obstacles for extending the cosmological evolution beyond the corresponding singularities; therefore, such singularities can be considered a sort of a cosmological phase transition."
"The renormalization in a Lorentz-breaking scalar-spinor higher-derivative model involving self-interaction and the Yukawa-like coupling is studied. We explicitly de-monstrate that the convergence is improved in comparison with the usual scalar-spinor model, so, the theory is super-renormalizable, with no divergences beyond four loops. We compute the one-loop corrections to the propagators for the scalar and fermionic fields and show that in the presence of higher-order Lorentz invariance violation, the poles that dominate the physical theory, are driven away from the standard on-shell pole mass due to radiatively induced lower dimensional operators. The new operators change the standard gamma-matrix structure of the two-point functions, introduce large Lorentz-breaking corrections and lead to modifications in the renormalization conditions of the theory. We found the physical pole mass in each sector of our model."
"In this work, we explore a class of compact charged objects that have been tested against experimental and observational constraints with some known compact stars candidates. This study is performed by considering the self-gravitating, charged, isotropic fluids which are more pliability in solving the Einstein–Maxwell equations. In order to determine the interior geometry, we utilize the Vaidya–Tikekar (J Astrophys Astron 3:325, 1982) geometry for the metric potential with Riessner–Nordstrm metric as an exterior solution. These model parameters are determined after selecting some particular values of &lt;i&gt;M&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, for the compact objects SAX J1808.4-3658, Her X-1 and 4U 1538-52. The most striking consequence is that hydrostatic equilibrium is maintained for different forces, and the situation is clarified by using the generalized Tolman–Oppenheimer–Volkoff equation. In addition to this, we also present the energy conditions, speeds of sound and compactness of stars that are very much compatible to that for a physically acceptable stellar model. Arising solutions are also compared with graphical representations that provide strong evidences for more realistic and viable models, both at theoretical and astrophysical scale."
"Exact solutions of an &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) -theory (of gravity) in a static central (gravitational) field have been studied in the literature quite well, but, to find and study exact solutions in the case of a non-static central field are not easy at all. There are, however, approximation methods of finding a solution in a central field which is not necessarily static. It is shown in this article that an approximate solution of an &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;)-theory in a general central field, which is not necessary to be static, can be found perturbatively around a solution of the Einstein equation in the general theory of relativity. In particular, vacuum solutions are found for &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) of general and some special forms. Further, applications to the investigation of a planetary motion and light’s propagation in a central field are presented. An effect of an &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;)-gravity is also estimated for the SgrA*–S2 system. The latter gravitational system is much stronger than the Sun–Mercury system, thus the effect could be much stronger and, thus, much more measurable."
"Hard processes in diffractive deep-inelastic scattering can be described by a factorisation into parton-level subprocesses and diffractive parton distributions. In this framework, cross sections for inclusive dijet production in diffractive deep-inelastic electron–proton scattering (DIS) are computed to next-to-next-to-leading order (NNLO) QCD accuracy and compared to a comprehensive selection of data. Predictions for the total cross sections, 40 single-differential and four double-differential distributions for six measurements at HERA by the H1 and ZEUS collaborations are calculated. In the studied kinematical range, the NNLO corrections are found to be sizeable and positive. The NNLO predictions typically exceed the data, while the kinematical shape of the data is described better at NNLO than at next-to-leading order (NLO). A significant reduction of the scale uncertainty is achieved in comparison to NLO predictions. Our results use the currently available NLO diffractive parton distributions, and the discrepancy in normalisation highlights the need for a consistent determination of these distributions at NNLO accuracy."
"We present the computational framework Matrix (http://matrix.hepforge.org/) which allows us to evaluate fully differential cross sections for a wide class of processes at hadron colliders in next-to-next-to-leading order (NNLO) QCD. The processes we consider are and hadronic reactions involving Higgs and vector bosons in the final state. All possible leptonic decay channels of the vector bosons are included for the first time in the calculations, by consistently accounting for all resonant and non-resonant diagrams, off-shell effects and spin correlations. We briefly introduce the theoretical framework Matrix is based on, discuss its relevant features and provide a detailed description of how to use Matrix to obtain NNLO accurate results for the various processes. We report reference predictions for inclusive and fiducial cross sections of all the physics processes considered here and discuss their corresponding uncertainties. Matrix features an automatic extrapolation procedure that allows us, for the first time, to control the systematic uncertainties inherent to the applied NNLO subtraction procedure down to the few permille level (or better)."
"For the search for scalar leptons in the minimal supersymmetric standard model (MSSM) as well as for future precision analyses of these particles an accurate knowledge of their production and decay properties is mandatory. We evaluate the cross sections for the slepton production at colliders in the MSSM with complex parameters (cMSSM). The evaluation is based on a full one-loop calculation of the production mechanisms including soft and hard photon radiation. The dependence of the slepton production cross sections on the relevant cMSSM parameters is analyzed numerically. We find sizable contributions to many production cross sections. They amount to roughly 15% of the tree-level results but can go up to 40% or higher in extreme cases. Also the dependence on complex parameters of the one-loop corrections for the production of charged sleptons was found non-negligible. The full one-loop contributions are thus crucial for physics analyses at a future linear collider such as the ILC or CLIC."
"We apply the Wald formalism to obtain masses and angular momenta of black holes in three dimensional gravity theories using the first order formalism. Wald formalism suggests that the entropy of a black hole can be defined by an integration of a conserved charge on the bifurcation horizon, and mass and angular momentum of a black hole as an integration of some charge variation form at spatial infinity. The action of three dimensional gravity theories can be represented by a form including some auxiliary fields. As well-known examples we have calculated masses and angular momenta of some black holes in topologically massive gravity and new massive gravity theories using the first order formalism. We have also calculated mass and angular momentum of BTZ black hole and new type black hole in minimal massive gravity theory with the action represented by the first order formalism. We have also calculated the entropy and central charges of new type black hole. According to &lt;i&gt;AdS&lt;i/&gt; / &lt;i&gt;CFT&lt;i/&gt; correspondence we suggest that the left and right moving temperatures should be equal to the Hawking temperature in the case of new type black hole in minimal massive gravity."
"The Lovelock gravity is a natural extension of the Theory of General Relativity (TGR) to higher dimensions, which presents the criteria of general covariance and whose field equations are of second order. Its action contains higher order curvature terms and is reduced to the Einstein–Hilbert action when we consider a four dimensional spacetime. In this work, we obtain solutions corresponding to static spherically symmetric black holes with a cloud of strings and surrounded by quintessence. The study of the thermodynamical properties of these black holes is performed, with special emphasis on the mass, entropy, Hawking temperature and heat capacity. The graphs corresponding to the mass and the Hawking temperature are shown for different dimensions of spacetime, namely, and 7. Concerning Hawking radiation, it is shown that the radiation spectrum is related to the change of entropy which codifies the presence of the cloud of strings as well as of the quintessence."
"We construct a general stratified scalar theory of gravitation from a field equation that accounts for the self-interaction of the field and a particle Lagrangian, and calculate its post-Newtonian parameters. Using this general framework, we analyze several specific scalar theories of gravitation and check their predictions for the solar system post-Newtonian effects."
"Using AdS/CFT correspondence, we investigate the effect of a constant magnetic field on the jet quenching parameter in strongly-coupled SYM plasma. We analyze the jet moving parallel and transverse to the magnetic field, respectively. For both cases, it is found that the jet quenching parameter is generally enhanced in the presence of a magnetic field, consistently with earlier findings."
"We propose large generalizations for the “diquark” representations of relevant for positive parity heavy baryons, including putative exotic states. Next, within the framework of the Chiral Quark Soliton Model, we calculate heavy baryon masses and decay widths. We show that in the limit of &lt;i&gt;all&lt;i/&gt; decay widths vanish, including the widths of exotica. This result is in fact more general than the model itself, as it relies only on the underlying symmetries: i.e. and hedgehog symmetry. Furthermore, using explicit model formulae for the decay constants in the non-realtivistic limit, we show that there is a hierarchy of the decay couplings, which may explain observed pattern of experimental widths."
"As it was pointed out recently in Hees et al. (Phys Rev Lett 118:211101, 2017), observations of stars near the Galactic Center with current and future facilities provide an unique tool to test general relativity (GR) and alternative theories of gravity in a strong gravitational field regime. In particular, the authors showed that the Yukawa gravity could be constrained with Keck and TMT observations. Some time ago, Dadhich et al. (Phys Lett B 487:1, 2001) showed that the Reissner–Nordström metric with a tidal charge is naturally appeared in the framework of Randall–Sundrum model with an extra dimension ( is called tidal charge and it could be negative in such an approach). Astrophysical consequences of presence of black holes with a tidal charge are considerered, in particular, geodesics and shadows in Kerr–Newman braneworld metric are analyzed in Schee and Stuchlík (Intern J Mod Phys D 18:983, 2009), while profiles of emission lines generated by rings orbiting braneworld Kerr black hole are considered in Schee and Stuchlík (Gen Relat Grav 52:1795, 2009). Possible observational signatures of gravitational lensing in a presence of the Reissner–Nordström black hole with a tidal charge at the Galactic Center are discussed in papers (Bin-Nun in Phys Rev D 81:123011, 2010; Bin-Nun in Phys Rev D 82:064009, 2010; Bin-Nun in Class Quant Grav 28:114003, 2011). Here we are following such an approach and we obtain analytical expressions for orbital precession for Reissner–Nordström–de-Sitter solution in post-Newtonian approximation and discuss opportunities to constrain parameters of the metric from observations of bright stars with current and future astrometric observational facilities such as VLT, Keck, GRAVITY, E-ELT and TMT."
"In this paper, we study the complexity factor for a charged anisotropic self-gravitating object. We formulate the Einstein–Maxwell field equations, Tolman–Opphenheimer–Volkoff equation, and the mass function. We form the structure scalars by the orthogonal splitting of the Riemann tensor and then find the complexity factor with the help of these scalars. Finally, we investigate some astrophysical objects for the vanishing of complexity condition. It is found that the presence of the electromagnetic field decreases the complexity of the system."
"We consider the double-soft limit of a generic QCD process involving massless partons and integrate analytically the double-soft eikonal functions over the phase-space of soft partons (gluons or quarks) allowing for an arbitrary relative angle between the three-momenta of two hard massless radiators. This result provides one of the missing ingredients for a fully analytic formulation of the nested soft-collinear subtraction scheme described in Caola et al. (Eur Phys J C 77(4):248, 2017)."
"Using the fact that eleven-dimensional supergravity yields type IIA supergravity under dimensional reduction on a circle, we determine higher-derivative terms of 11-dimensional supergravity including the , and terms."
"We analyze certain aspects of BTZ black holes in massive theory of gravity. The black hole solution is obtained by using the Vainshtein and dRGT mechanism, which is asymptotically AdS with an electric charge. We study the Hawking radiation using the tunneling formalism as well as analyze the black hole chemistry for such system. Subsequently, we use the thermodynamic pressure-volume diagram to explore the efficiency of the Carnot heat engine for this system. Some of the important features arising from our solution include the non-existence of quantum effects, critical Van der Walls behaviour, thermal fluctuations and instabilities. Moreover, our solution violates the Reverse Isoperimetric Inequality and, thus, the black hole is super-entropic, perhaps which turns out to be the most interesting characteristics of the BTZ black hole in massive gravity."
"We investigate the dynamical features of a large family of running vacuum cosmologies for which evolves as a polynomial in the Hubble parameter. Specifically, using the critical point analysis we study the existence and the stability of singular solutions which describe de-Sitter, radiation and matter dominated eras. We find several classes of cosmologies for which new analytical solutions are given in terms of Laurent expansions. Finally, we show that the Milne universe and the model can be seen as perturbations around a specific model, but this model is unstable."
"The large number of top quarks produced at the LHC and possible future hadron colliders allows to study rare decays of this particle. In many well motivated models of new physics, for example in non-minimal composite-Higgs models, the existence of scalar singlets can induce new flavor-violating top decays surpassing the Higgs contribution by orders of magnitude. We study the discovery prospects of rare top decays within such models and develop new search strategies to test these interactions in top pair-produced events at the LHC. We demonstrate that scales as large as 10–50 TeV can be probed. Improvements by factors of and can be obtained at TeV and TeV colliders respectively."
"We investigate whether the new horizon first law proposed recently still work in &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) theory. We identify the entropy and the energy of black hole as quantities proportional to the corresponding value of integration, supported by the fact that the new horizon first law holds true as a consequence of equations of motion in &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) theories. The formulas for the entropy and energy of black hole found here are in agreement with the results obtained in literatures. For applications, some nontrivial black hole solutions in &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) theories have been considered, the entropies and the energies of black holes in these models are firstly computed, which may be useful for future researches."
"The cosmological viability of varying and cosmology is discussed by determining the cosmological eras provided by the theory. Such a study is performed with the determination of the critical points while stability analysis is performed. The application of renormalization group in the ADM formalism of general relativity provides a modified second-order theory of gravity where varying plays the role of a minimally coupled field, different from that of scalar–tensor theories, while is a potential term. We find that the theory provides two de Sitter phases and a tracking solution. In the presence of matter source, two new critical points are introduced, where the matter source contributes to the universe. One of those points describes the CDM cosmology and in order for the solution at the point to be cosmologically viable, it has to be unstable. Moreover, the second point, where matter exists, describes a universe where the dark energy parameter for the equation of state has a different value from that of the cosmological constant."
"We study scalar condensations around asymptotically Anti-de Sitter (AdS) regular reflecting shells. We show that the charged scalar field can condense around charged reflecting shells with both Dirichlet and Neumann boundary conditions. In particular, the radii of the asymptotically AdS hairy shells are discrete, which is similar to cases in asymptotically flat spacetimes. We also provide upper bounds for the radii of the hairy Dirichlet reflecting shells and above the bound, the scalar field cannot condense around the shell."
"In models with colored particle that can decay into a dark matter candidate &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;, the relevant collider process jets gives rise to events with significant transverse momentum imbalance. When the masses of and &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt; are very close, the relevant signature becomes monojet-like, and Large Hadron Collider (LHC) search limits become much less constraining. In this paper, we study the current and anticipated experimental sensitivity to such particles at the High-Luminosity LHC at TeV with ab of data and the proposed High-Energy LHC at TeV with ab of data. We estimate the reach for various Lorentz and QCD color representations of . Identifying the nature of is very important to understanding the physics behind the monojet signature. Therefore, we also study the dependence of the observables built from the process on itself. Using the state-of-the-art Monte Carlo suites MadGraph5_aMC@NLO+Pythia8 and Sherpa, we find that when these observables are calculated at NLO in QCD with parton shower matching and multijet merging, the residual theoretical uncertainties are comparable to differences observed when varying the quantum numbers of itself. We find, however, that the precision achievable with NNLO calculations, where available, can resolve this dilemma."
"In this paper we show that any static and spherically symmetric anisotropic solution of the Einstein field equations can be thought as a system sourced by certain deformed isotropic system in the context of Minimal Geometric Deformation-decoupling approach. To be more precise, we developed a mechanism to obtain an isotropic solution from any anisotropic solution of the Einstein field equations. As an example, we implement the method to obtain the sources of a simple static anisotropic and spherically symmetric traversable wormhole."
"In this paper, we have investigated Noether symmetries in Lemaitre–Tolman–Bondi (LTB) metric. Using the Lagrangian associated with the LTB metric, the set of determining equations for Noether symmetries is obtained and then integrated in several cases. It is shown that the LTB metric can be classified in to eight distinct classes corresponding to Noether algebra of dimension 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 11 and 17. The obtained Noether symmetries are compared with Killing and homothetic vectors. The well known Noether’s theorem is used to find the expressions for conservation laws in each case. Moreover, it is shown that most of the obtained metrics are anisotropic or perfect fluid models which satisfy certain energy conditions and the equation of state."
"With a suitable decomposition of its energy-momentum tensor into pressureless matter and a vacuum type term, we investigate the spherical gravitational collapse of a minimally coupled, self-interacting scalar field, showing that it collapses to a singularity. The formed blackhole has a mass (in Planck units), where &lt;i&gt;m&lt;i/&gt; is the mass of the scalar field. If the latter has the axion mass, eV, the former has a mass ."
"We present an update of the global fit of the Standard Model electroweak sector to latest experimental results. We include new kinematic top quark and &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; boson mass measurements from the LHC, a result from the Tevatron, and a new evaluation of the hadronic contribution to . We present tests of the internal consistency of the electroweak Standard Model and updated numerical predictions of key observables. The electroweak data combined with measurements of the Higgs boson coupling strengths and flavour physics observables are used to constrain parameters of two-Higgs-doublet models."
"We evaluate analytically the master integrals for double real radiation emission in the decay, where &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;u&lt;i/&gt; are a massive and massless quark, respectively, while is an off-shell charged weak boson. Since the &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; boson can subsequently decay in a lepton anti-neutrino pair, the results of the present paper constitute a further step toward a fully analytic computation of differential distributions for the semileptonic decay of a &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt; quark at NNLO in QCD. The latter partonic process plays a crucial role in the study of inclusive semileptonic charmless decays of &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt; mesons. Our results are expressed in terms of multiple polylogarithms of maximum weight four."
"The relevance of anisotropy in compact models is shown by the construction of a stellar model, this can influence the behavior of density, pressure and speed of sound in such grade that if the anisotropy disappear it could produce a regular model of perfect fluid which is not physically acceptable. The present anisotropic model has dependence in two parameters &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt; associated with the anisotropy and &lt;i&gt;w&lt;i/&gt; related with the rate of compactness , this is regular and physically acceptable. That is the speed of sound is positive and lower than the light speed, the density as well as radial and tangential pressure are monotonic decrescent functions. The compactness values for which the radial and tangential speed of sound are monotonic decrescent functions and the solution is potentially stable occurs for , and in particular for the maximum value of &lt;i&gt;u&lt;i/&gt; , . While if we get a model of perfect regular fluid but the density and speed of sound can not be both positive at the origin, so the solution is not physically acceptable in the absence of anisotropic pressures."
"In this research, we consider thermodynamically the behaviour of an accelerating BIon and show that the entropy of this system has the form of Tsallis entropy. A BIon is a system that consists of a brane, an anti-brane and a wormhole which connects them together. By increasing the acceleration of branes, the area of BIon increases and its Tsallis entropy grows."
"Vector-boson scattering processes are of great importance for the current run-II and future runs of the Large Hadron Collider. The presence of triple and quartic gauge couplings in the process gives access to the gauge sector of the Standard Model (SM) and possible new-physics contributions there. To test any new-physics hypothesis, sound knowledge of the SM contributions is necessary, with a precision which at least matches the experimental uncertainties of existing and forthcoming measurements. In this article we present a detailed study of the vector-boson scattering process with two positively-charged leptons and missing transverse momentum in the final state. In particular, we first carry out a systematic comparison of the various approximations that are usually performed for this kind of process against the complete calculation, at LO and NLO QCD accuracy. Such a study is performed both in the usual fiducial region used by experimental collaborations and in a more inclusive phase space, where the differences among the various approximations lead to more sizeable effects. Afterwards, we turn to predictions matched to parton showers, at LO and NLO: we show that on the one hand, the inclusion of NLO QCD corrections leads to more stable predictions, but on the other hand the details of the matching and of the parton-shower programs cause differences which are considerably larger than those observed at fixed order, even in the experimental fiducial region. We conclude with recommendations for experimental studies of vector-boson scattering processes."
"In this paper, we examine the validity of the first law of inner mechanics of black holes in Generalized Minimal Massive Gravity. We consider BTZ and spacelike warped black holes and show that the first law of inner mechanics is valid for given black holes in Generalized Minimal Massive Gravity. As we expect, due to the presence of the Lorentz Chern–Simons term in Lagrangian of considered model, the product of the entropies of the inner and outer horizons depends on the mass as it happens in Topologically Massive Gravity."
"Cherenkov light induced by radioactive decay products is one of the major sources of background light for deep-sea neutrino telescopes such as ANTARES. These decays are at the same time a powerful calibration source. Using data collected by the ANTARES neutrino telescope from mid 2008 to 2017, the time evolution of the photon detection efficiency of optical modules is studied. A modest loss of only 20% in 9 years is observed. The relative time calibration between adjacent modules is derived as well."
"We obtain classical string solutions on by applying the dressing method on string solutions with elliptic Pohlmeyer counterparts. This is realized through the use of the simplest possible dressing factor, which possesses just a pair of poles lying on the unit circle. The latter is equivalent to the action of a single Bäcklund transformation on the corresponding sine-Gordon solutions. The obtained dressed elliptic strings present an interesting bifurcation of their qualitative characteristics at a specific value of a modulus of the seed solutions. Finally, an interesting generic feature of the dressed strings, which originates from the form of the simplest dressing factor and not from the specific seed solution, is the fact that they can be considered as drawn by an epicycle of constant radius whose center is running on the seed solution. The radius of the epicycle is directly related to the location of the poles of the dressing factor."
"Neutrino oscillations are one of the first evidences of physics beyond the Standard Model (SM). Since Lorentz invariance is a SM fundamental symmetry, recently also neutrino physics has been explored to verify this symmetry eventual modification and its potential magnitude. In this work we study the Lorentz invariance violation (LIV) introduction consequences in the high energy neutrinos propagation and evaluate the impact of this eventual violation on the oscillations predictions. An effective theory explaining these physical effects is introduced via modified dispersion relations. This approach, originally introduced by Coleman and Glashow, corresponds in our model to a special relativity geometry modification. Moreover, this perspective generalization leads to the introduction of a maximum attainable velocity which is specific of the particle. This can be formalized in Finsler geometry, a more general theory of space-time. In the present paper the impact of this kind of LIV on neutrino phenomenology is studied, in particular by analyzing the corrections introduced in neutrino oscillation probabilities for different values of neutrino energies and baselines of experimental interest. The possibility of further improving the present constraints on CPT-even LIV coefficients by means of our analysis is also discussed."
"Phase transition and heat engine efficiency of phantom AdS black holes are investigated with peculiar properties found. In the non-extended phase space, we probe the possibility of &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;–&lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt; criticality in both the canonical ensemble and grand-canonical ensemble. It is shown that no &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;–&lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt; criticality exists for the phantom AdS black hole in the canonical ensemble, which is different from the RN-AdS black hole. Contrary to the canonical ensemble, no critical point can be found for neither phantom AdS black holes nor RN-AdS black hole in the grand-canonical ensemble. Moreover, we study the specific heat at constant electric potential. When the electric potential satisfies , only phantom AdS black holes undergo phase transition in the grand-canonical ensemble. In the extended phase space, we show that there is no &lt;i&gt;P&lt;i/&gt;–&lt;i&gt;V&lt;i/&gt; criticality for phantom AdS black holes, contrary to the case of the RN-AdS black hole. Furthermore, we define a new kind of heat engine via phantom AdS black holes. Comparing to RN-AdS black holes, phantom AdS black holes have a lower heat engine efficiency. However, the ratio of phantom AdS black hole is higher, thus increasing the possibility of approaching the Carnot limit. This observation is obviously of interest. The interesting results obtained in this paper may be attributed to the existence of phantom field whose energy density is negative."
"We probe the -deformation of spacetime using a two-level atom as a detector coupled to a -deformed massless scalar field which is invariant under a -Poincaré algebra and written in commutative spacetime. To address the quantum bound to the estimability of the deformation parameter , we perform measurements on the two-level detector and maximize the value of quantum Fisher information over all possible detector preparations. We prove that the population measurement is the optimal measurement in the estimation of the deformation parameter . In particular, we show that the relativistic motion of the detector affects the precision in the estimation of the parameter , which can effectively improve this precision comparing to that of the static detector case by many orders of magnitude."
"The original version of this article unfortunately contained a mistake."
"Measurements of the forward–backward asymmetry in neutral-current Drell–Yan di-lepton production have primarily been used for determinations of the weak mixing angle . We observe that, unlike the case of Run-I of the Large Hadron Collider (LHC Run-I), for the first time at the LHC Run-II the reconstructed forward–backward asymmetry has the capability of placing useful constraints on the determination of the parton distribution functions (PDFs). By examining the statistical and the PDF uncertainties on the reconstructed forward–backward asymmetry, we investigate its potential for disentangling the flavour content of quark and antiquark PDFs. Access to the valence/sea &lt;i&gt;u&lt;i/&gt;-quark and to the sea up-type antiquark PDFs, in particular, may be gained by the appropriate use of selection cuts in the rapidity of the emerging lepton pair in regions both near the &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt;-boson peak and away from it, in a manner complementary, though more indirect, to the case of the charged-current asymmetry. We study the extension of these results for the planned high-luminosity (HL) LHC."
"We introduce analogue black holes (BHs) based on ideal magnetohydrodynamic equations. Similar to acoustic BHs, which trap phonons and emit Hawking radiation (HR) at the sonic horizon where the flow speed changes from super- to sub-sonic, in the horizon of magnetoacoustic and Alfvénic BHs, the magnetoacoustic and Alfvén waves will be trapped and emit HR made of quantized vibrations similar to phonons which we call magnephonons and Alphonons. We proposed that magnetoacoustic and Alfvénic BHs may be created in the laboratory using a tube with variable cross section embedded in a uniform magnetic field, and a super-magnetoacoustic or a super-Alfvénic flow. We show that the Hawking temperature for both BHs is a function of the background magnetic field, number density of fluid, and radius of the tube. For a typical setup, the temperature is estimated to be about 0.0266 K."
"The Jacobi equation for geodesic deviation describes finite size effects due to the gravitational tidal forces. In this paper we show how one can integrate the Jacobi equation in any spacetime admitting completely integrable geodesics. Namely, by linearizing the geodesic equation and its conserved charges, we arrive at the invariant Wronskians for the Jacobi system that are linear in the ‘deviation momenta’ and thus yield a system of first-order differential equations that can be integrated. The procedure is illustrated on an example of a rotating black hole spacetime described by the Kerr geometry and its higher-dimensional generalizations. A number of related topics, including the phase space formulation of the theory and the derivation of the covariant Hamiltonian for the Jacobi system are also discussed."
"In this note we explore a modified theory of gravitation that is not based on the least action principle, but on a natural generalization of the original Einstein’s field equations. This approach leads to the non-covariant conservation of the stress-energy tensor, a feature shared with other Lagrangian theories of gravity such as the &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) case. We consider the cosmological implications of a pair of particular models within this theory, and we show that they have some interesting properties. In particular, for some of the studied models we find that the density is bounded from above, and cannot exceed a maximum value that depends on certain physical constants. In the last part of the work we compare the theory to the &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) case and show that they lead to different predictions for the motion of test particles."
"In this article, we extend the strong deflection limit to calculate the deflection angle for a class of geometries which are asymptotically locally flat. In particular, we study the deflection of light in the surroundings of spherical black holes in Einstein–Skyrme theory. We find the deflection angle in this limit, from which we obtain the positions and the magnifications of the relativistic images. We compare our results with those corresponding to the Schwarzschild and the global monopole (Barriola–Vilenkin) spacetimes."
"We consider the effective type-II two-Higgs doublet model originating from Dirac gaugino models with extended supersymmetry in the gauge sector, which is automatically aligned in the simplest realisations. We show that raising the scale at which the extended supersymmetry is manifest and including quantum corrections actually improves the alignment. Using an effective field theory approach including new threshold corrections and two-loop RGEs, plus two-loop corrections to the Higgs mass in the low-energy theory, we study the implications from the Higgs mass and other experimental constraints on the scale of superpartners. We contrast the results of the minimal Dirac gaugino model, where alignment is automatic, with the hMSSM and the MRSSM, where it is not, also providing an hMSSM-inspired analysis for the new models."
"In the paper, we discuss the possibility of observation of heavy quarkoniums via the processes involving flavor changing neutral currents (FCNC). More explicitly, we systematically calculate the production of heavy charmonium and -quarkonium through the top quark semi-exclusive rare FCNC decays in the framework of the non-relativistic QCD (NRQCD) factorization theory. Our results show that the total decay widths GeV, GeV, GeV, and GeV, where the uncertainties are from variation of quark masses and renormalization scales. Even though the decay widths are small, it is important to make a systematic study on the production of charmonium and -quarkonium through the top-quark decays via FCNC in the Standard Model, which will provide useful guidance for future new physics research from the heavy quarkonium involved processes."
"An approximate dual representation for non-Abelian lattice gauge theories in terms of a new set of dynamical variables, the plaquette occupation numbers (PONs) that are natural numbers, is discussed. They are the expansion indices of the local series of the expansion of the Boltzmann factors for every plaquette of the Yang–Mills action. After studying the constraints due to gauge symmetry, the SU(2) gauge theory is solved using Monte Carlo simulations. For a PONs configuration the weight factor is given by Haar-measure integrals over all links whose integrands are products of powers of plaquettes. Herein, updates are limited to changes of the PON at a plaquette or all PONs on a coordinate plane. The Markov chain transition probabilities are computed employing truncated maximal trees and the Metropolis algorithm. The algorithm performance is investigated with different types of updates for the plaquette mean value over a large range of s. Using a lattice very good agreement with a conventional heath bath algorithm is found for the strong and weak coupling limits. Deviations from the latter being below 0.1% for . The mass of the lightest glueball is evaluated and reproduces the results found in the literature."
"We consider the statistical description of steady state fully developed incompressible fluid turbulence at the inertial range of scales in any number of spatial dimensions. We show that in the absence of condensates turbulence statistics exhibits scale but not conformal symmetry, with the only possible exception being the direct enstrophy cascade in two space dimensions. We argue that the same conclusions hold for compressible non-relativistic turbulence as well as for relativistic turbulence. We discuss the modification of our conclusions in the presence of vacuum expectation values of negative dimension operators (condensates). We consider the issue of non-locality of the stress-energy tensor of inertial range turbulence field theory."
"We analytically as well as numerically study the effects of Born–Infeld nonlinear electrodynamics on the properties of -dimensional &lt;i&gt;s&lt;i/&gt;-wave holographic superconductors. We relax the probe limit and further assume the scalar and gauge fields to affect the background spacetime. We thus explore the effects of backreaction on the condensation of the scalar hair. For the analytical method, we employ the Sturm–Liouville eigenvalue problem, and for the numerical method, we employ the shooting method. We show that these methods are powerful enough to analyze the critical temperature and phase transition of the one-dimensional holographic superconductor. We find that increasing the backreaction as well as the nonlinearity makes the condensation harder to form. In addition, this one-dimensional holographic superconductor faces a second order phase transition and the critical exponent has the mean field value ."
"We show that the economical 3-3-1 model poses a very high new physics scale of the order of 1000 TeV due to the constraint on the flavor-changing neutral current. The implications of the model for neutrino masses, inflation, leptogenesis, and superheavy dark matter are newly recognized. Alternatively, we modify the model by rearranging the third quark generation differently from the first two quark generations, as well as changing the scalar sector. The resultant model now predicts a consistent new physics at TeV scale unlike the previous case and may be fully probed at the current colliders. Particularly, due to the minimal particle contents, the models under consideration manifestly accommodate dark matter candidates and neutrino masses, with novel and distinct production mechanisms. The large flavor-changing neutral currents that come from the ordinary and exotic quark mixings can be avoided due to the approximate &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt;–&lt;i&gt;L&lt;i/&gt; symmetry."
"In a theory of a Dirac fermion field coupled to a metric-axial-tensor (MAT) background, using a Schwinger-DeWitt heat kernel technique, we compute non-perturbatively the two (odd parity) trace anomalies. A suitable collapsing limit of this model corresponds to a theory of chiral fermions coupled to (ordinary) gravity. Taking this limit on the two computed trace anomalies we verify that they tend to the same expression, which coincides with the already found odd parity trace anomaly, with the identical coefficient. This confirms our previous results on this issue."
"We present NNFF1.1h, a new determination of unidentified charged-hadron fragmentation functions (FFs) and their uncertainties. Experimental measurements of transverse-momentum distributions for charged-hadron production in proton-(anti)proton collisions at the Tevatron and at the LHC are used to constrain a set of FFs originally determined from electron–positron annihilation data. Our analysis is performed at next-to-leading order in perturbative quantum chromodynamics. We find that the hadron-collider data is consistent with the electron–positron data and that it significantly constrains the gluon FF. We verify the reliability of our results upon our choice of the kinematic cut in the hadron transverse momentum applied to the hadron-collider data and their consistency with NNFF1.0, our previous determination of the FFs of charged pions, kaons, and protons/antiprotons."
"We propose an alternative method of constructing two Higgs-doublet models free from scalar mediated FCNC couplings at the tree-level. In a toy scenario, we have presented semi realistic textures for the Yukawa matrices, which can reproduce the approximate flavor structure in the quark sector. Presence of flavor diagonal but nonuniversal Yukawa couplings emerges as a distinguishing feature of such models."
"We present an update of the Mathematica package SARAH to calculate unitarity constraints in BSM models. The new functions can perform an analytical and numerical calculation of the two-particle scattering matrix of (uncoloured) scalars. We do not make use of the simplifying assumption of a very large scattering energy, but include all contributions which could become important at small energies above the weak scale. This allows us to constrain trilinear scalar couplings. However, it can also modify (weakening or strengthening) the constraints on quartic couplings, which we show via the example of a singlet extended Standard Model."
"By applying the Bohr–Sommerfeld quantization approach to the quadratic form of the spinless Salpeter-type equation (QSSE), we show that the obtained Regge trajectories for the mesons consisting of unequally massive quarks take the form , which have the same form as the Regge trajectories for charmonia and bottomonia. Then we apply the obtained Regge trajectories to fit the spectra of the strange mesons, the heavy-light mesons (the &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt;, , &lt;i&gt;B&lt;i/&gt; and mesons) and the bottom-charmed mesons. The fitted Regge trajectories are in agreement with the experimental data and the theoretical predictions, which demonstrates that the newly proposed Regge trajectories can be applied universally to the light mesons, the heavy-light mesons and the heavy mesons. By fitting the spectra of the mesons composed of different quarks, the concavity of these Regge trajectories are illustrated, which is of cardinal significance for the potential models."
"We discuss the possible existence of the fully-heavy tetraquarks. We calculate the ground-state energy of the bound state, where &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt; stands for the bottom quark, in a nonrelativistic effective field theory framework with one-gluon-exchange (OGE) color Coulomb interaction, and in a relativized diquark model characterized by OGE plus a confining potential. Our analysis advocates the existence of uni-flavor heavy four-quark bound states. The ground state tetraquark mass is predicted to be  GeV. Mass inequality relations among the lowest states, where , and the corresponding heavy quarkonia are presented, which give the upper limit on the mass of ground state . The possible decays of the lowest are highlighted, which might provide useful references in the search for them in ongoing LHC experiments, and its width is estimated to be a few tens of MeV."
"In the holographic correspondence, subregion duality posits that knowledge of the mixed state of a finite spacelike region of the boundary theory allows full reconstruction of a specific region of the bulk, known as the entanglement wedge. This statement has been proven for local bulk operators. In this paper, specializing first for simplicity to a Rindler wedge of , we find that generic &lt;i&gt;curves&lt;i/&gt; within the wedge are in fact &lt;i&gt;not&lt;i/&gt; fully reconstructible with entanglement entropies in the corresponding boundary region, even after using the most general variant of hole-ography, which was recently shown to suffice for reconstruction of arbitrary spacelike curves in the Poincaré patch. This limitation is an analog of the familiar phenomenon of entanglement shadows, which we call ‘entanglement shade’. We overcome it by showing that the information about the nonreconstructible curve segments is encoded in a slight generalization of the concept of entanglement of purification, whose holographic dual has been discussed very recently. We introduce the notion of ‘differential purification’, and demonstrate that, in combination with differential entropy, it enables the complete reconstruction of all spacelike curves within an arbitrary entanglement wedge in any 3-dimensional bulk geometry."
"We investigate the properties of holographic heat engines with an uncharged accelerating non-rotating AdS black hole as the working substance in a benchmarking scheme. We find that the efficiencies of the black hole heat engines can be influenced by both the size of the benchmark circular cycle and the cosmic string tension as a thermodynamic variable. In general, the efficiency can be increased by enlarging the cycle, but is still constrained by a universal bound as expected. A cross-comparison of the efficiencies of the accelerating black hole heat engines and Schwarzschild-AdS black hole heat engines suggests that the acceleration also increases the efficiency although the amount of increase is not remarkable."
"We present a thorough analysis of unpolarized Drell–Yan (DY) pair production in pion–nucleus scattering. On the nucleus side, we use nuclear parton distributions along with parametrisations of the nucleon partonic transverse distribution available in the literature. Partonic longitudinal and transverse distributions of the pion are those obtained in a recent calculation in a Nambu–Jona Lasinio (NJL) framework, with Pauli–Villars regularization. The scale of the NJL model is determined with a minimisation procedure comparing NLO predictions based on NJL evolved pion distributions to rapidity differential DY cross sections data. The resulting distributions are then used to describe, up to next-to-leading logarithmic accuracy, the transverse momentum spectrum of dilepton pairs up to a transverse momentum of 2 GeV. With no additional parameters, fair agreement is found with available pion–nucleus data, confirming the virtues of the NJL description of pion parton structure. We find sizable evolution effects on the shape of the distributions and on the generated average transverse momentum of the dilepton pair. We furthermore discuss the possibility of gaining information about the behavior of the pion unpolarized transverse momentum dependent parton distribution from pion nucleus DY data."
"We investigate the theoretical framework of the azimuthal asymmetry contributed by the coupling of two Boer-Mulders functions in the dilepton production unpolarized Drell–Yan process by applying the transverse momentum dependent factorization at leading order. We adopt the model calculation results of the unpolarized distribution function and Boer-Mulders function of pion meson from the light-cone wave functions. We take into account the transverse momentum dependent evolution effects for both the distribution functions of pion and proton by adopting the existed extraction of the nonperturbative Sudakov form factor for the pion and proton distribution functions. An approximate kernel is included to deal with the energy dependence of the Boer-Mulders function related twist-3 correlation function needed in the calculation. We numerically estimate the Boer-Mulders asymmetry as the functions of , , and considering the kinematics at COMPASS Collaboration."
"We study production of gravitino and Polonyi particles in the minimal Starobinsky-Polonyi supergravity with inflaton belonging to a massive vector supermultiplet. Our model has only one free parameter given by the scale of spontaneous SUSY breaking triggered by Polonyi chiral superfield. The vector supermultiplet generically enters the action non-minimally, via an arbitrary real function. This function is chosen to generate the inflaton scalar potential of the Starobinsky model. Our supergravity model can be reformulated as an abelian supersymmetric gauge theory with the vector gauge superfield coupled to two (Higgs and Polonyi) chiral superfields interacting with supergravity, where the &lt;i&gt;U&lt;i/&gt;(1) gauge symmetry is spontaneously broken. We find that Polonyi and gravitino particles are efficiently produced during inflation, and estimate their masses and the reheating temperature. After inflation, perturbative decay of inflaton also produces Polonyi particles that rapidly decay into gravitinos. As a result, a coherent picture of inflation and dark matter emerges, where the abundance of produced gravitinos after inflation fits the CMB constraints as a Super Heavy Dark Matter (SHDM) candidate. Our scenario avoids the notorous gravitino and Polonyi problems with the Big Bang Nucleosynthesis (BBN) and DM overproduction."
"In this work we extend and generalize our previous work on the scale dependence at the level of the effective action of black holes in the presence of non-linear electrodynamics. In particular, we consider the Einstein-power-Maxwell theory without a cosmological constant in () dimensions, assuming a scale dependence of both the gravitational and the electromagnetic coupling and we investigate in detail how the scale-dependent scenario affects the horizon and thermodynamic properties of the classical black holes for any value of the power parameter. In addition, we solve the corresponding effective field equations imposing the “null energy condition” in order to obtain analytical solutions. The implications of quantum corrections are also briefly discussed."
"We study finite volume effects within the Polyakov loop Nambu-Jona-Lasinio model for two light and one heavy quarks at vanishing baryon chemical potential and finite temperatures. We include three different Polyakov loop potentials and ensure that the predictions of our effective model in bulk are compatible with lattice QCD results. Finite size effects are taken into account by means of the Multiple Reflection Expansion formalism. We analyze several thermodynamic quantities including the interaction measure, the speed of sound, the surface tension, and the curvature energy and find that they are sensitive to finite volume effects, specially for systems with radii below and temperatures around the crossover one. For all sizes, the system undergoes a smooth crossover. The chiral critical temperature decreases by around and the deconfinement temperature by less than a when the radius goes from infinity to 3 fm. Thus, as the drop’s size decreases, both temperatures become closer. The surface tension is dominated by the contribution of strange quarks and the curvature energy by &lt;i&gt;u&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;d&lt;i/&gt; quarks. At large temperatures both quantities grow proportionally to but saturate to a constant value at low &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;."
"We replace general relativity (GR) and the cosmological constant () in the standard cosmology (SM–GR––CDM) with a Lorentz gauge theory of gravity (LGT) and show that the standard model (SM) neutrinos can be the cold dark matter (CDM) because (1.) the expansion of the universe at early times is not as sensitive to the amount of radiation as in the SM–GR––CDM and (2.) in LGT there exists a spin-spin long-range force that is very stronger than the Newtonian gravity and interacts with any fermion including neutrinos. Assuming that neutrinos as heavy as 1 eV are the cold dark matter, the lower bound on the dimensionless coupling constant of LGT is derived to be which is small enough to be consistent with the upper bound that can be placed by the electroweak precision tests. We also show that the vacuum energy does not gravitate in LGT and a decelerating universe shifts spontaneously to an accelerating one right at the moment that we expect. Therefore, current observations can be explained in our cosmological model (SM–LGT) with lesser assumptions than in the SM–GR––CDM."
"In this work, we study the possibility of generalizing solutions of regular black holes with an electric charge, constructed in general relativity, for the &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;G&lt;i/&gt;) theory, where &lt;i&gt;G&lt;i/&gt; is the Gauss–Bonnet invariant. This type of solution arises due to the coupling between gravitational theory and nonlinear electrodynamics. We construct the formalism in terms of a mass function and it results in different gravitational and electromagnetic theories for which mass function. The electric field of these solutions are always regular and the strong energy condition is violated in some region inside the event horizon. For some solutions, we get an analytical form for the &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;G&lt;i/&gt;) function. Imposing the limit of some constant going to zero in the &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;G&lt;i/&gt;) function we recovered the linear case, making the general relativity a particular case."
"The scalar and vector cosmological perturbations at all length scales of our Universe are studied in the framework of the phantom braneworld model. The model is characterized by the parameter , with &lt;i&gt;M&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;m&lt;i/&gt; the five- and four-dimensional Planck scales, respectively, and the Hubble parameter today, while recovers the model. Ignoring the backreaction due to the peculiar velocities and also the bulk cosmological constant, allows the explicit computation of the gravitational potentials, and . They exhibit exponentially decreasing screening behaviour characterized by a screening length which is a function of the quasidensity parameter ."
"In the limit of short mean free path, relativistic kinetic theory gives rise to hydrodynamics through a systematically improvable gradient expansion. In the present work, a systematically improvable expansion in the opposite limit of large mean free path is considered, describing the dynamics of particles which are almost, but not quite, non-interacting. This non-hydrodynamic “eremitic” expansion does not break down for large gradients, and may be useful in situations where a hydrodynamic treatment is not applicable. As applications, azimuthal anisotropies at high transverse momenta in Pb + Pb and p + Pb collisions at TeV are calculated from the first order eremitic expansion of kinetic theory in the relaxation time approximation."
"The Hawking radiation emits all species of particles, but the Bekenstein–Hawking entropy is independent of the number of the species of particles. This is the so-called species problem—a puzzling problem for a long time. In this paper, we suggest a solution to this problem. A result of the scheme is that the black hole atmosphere has a mass equaling 3/8 mass of a classical Schwarzschild black hole, which agrees with ’t Hooft’s brick wall model."
"The semi-classical Hawking evaporation process of Reissner–Nordström black holes is analyzed. It is shown that this quantum mechanism may turn a near-extremal black-hole spacetime with into an horizonless naked singularity, thus violating the Penrose cosmic censorship conjecture. It is therefore conjectured that, within the framework of a self-consistent quantum theory of gravity, the Bekenstein–Hawking temperature should be bounded from below by the simple relation ."
"We study bottomonium production in association with an meson in annihilations near the , at a centre-of-mass energy of  GeV. The results are based on the 121.4 fb data sample collected by the Belle experiment at the asymmetric-energy KEKB collider. Only the meson is reconstructed and the missing-mass spectrum of candidates is investigated. We observe the process and find evidence for the process, while no significant signals of , , nor are found. Cross sections for the studied processes are reported."
"The common nature of the dark sector—dark energy and dark matter—as shown in Gurzadyan (arXiv:1712.10014, 2017) follows readily from the consideration of the generalized Newtonian potential as a weak-field version of General Relativity. The generalized potential satisfying Newton’s theorem on the equivalence of sphere’s gravity and that of a point mass located in its center contains an additional constant, which along with the gravitational constant is able to explain quantitatively both dark energy (the cosmological constant) and dark matter. So, gravity is defined not by one but two fundamental constants. We show that the second constant is dimension-independent and matter-uncoupled and hence is even more universal than the gravitational constant, thus affecting the strategy of observational studies of dark energy and of the search of dark matter."
"The extended minimal geometric deformation (EMGD) procedure, in the holographic membrane paradigm, is employed to model stellar distributions that arise upon self-interacting scalar glueball dark matter condensation. Such scalar glueballs are SU(&lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt;) Yang-Mills hidden sectors beyond the Standard Model. Then, corrections to the gravitational wave radiation, emitted by SU(&lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt;) EMGD dark glueball stars mergers, are derived, and their respective spectra are studied in the EMGD framework, due to a phenomenological brane tension with finite value. The bulk Weyl fluid that drives the EMGD is then proposed to be experimentally detected by enhanced windows at the eLISA and LIGO."
"We study two-Higgs-doublet models (2HDM) where Abelian symmetries have been introduced, leading to a drastic reduction in the number of free parameters in the 2HDM. Our analysis is inspired in BGL models, where, as the result of a symmetry of the Lagrangian, there are tree-level scalar mediated Flavour-Changing-Neutral-Currents, with the flavour structure depending only on the CKM matrix. A systematic analysis is done on the various possible schemes, which are classified in different classes, depending on the way the extra symmetries constrain the matrices of couplings defining the flavour structure of the scalar mediated neutral currents. All the resulting flavour textures of the Yukawa couplings are stable under renormalisation since they result from symmetries imposed at the Lagrangian level. We also present a brief phenomenological analysis of the most salient features of each class of symmetry constrained 2HDM."
"We numerically integrate the Einstein’s equations for a spatially flat Friedmann–Lemaire–Robertson–Walker (FLRW) background spacetime with a spatial curvature perturbation and evolving primordial tensor perturbations using the Einstein Toolkit. We find that although the primordial tensor perturbation does not play an important role in the evolution of the overdensity produced by the scalar perturbation, there is an obvious imprint left by the primordial tensor perturbation on the distribution of the fractional density perturbation in the nonlinear region. This imprint may be a possible probe of a gravitational waves background in the future."
"In our previous works, we have analyzed the evolution of bulk viscous matter dominated universe with a more general form for bulk viscous coefficient, and also carried out the dynamical system analysis. We found that the model reasonably describes the evolution of the universe if the viscous coefficient is a constant. In the present work we are contrasting this model with the standard CDM model of the universe using the Bayesian method. We have shown that, even though the viscous model gives a reasonable back ground evolution of the universe, the Bayes factor of the model indicates that, it is not so superior over the CDM model, but have a slight advantage over it."
"Explicit tests are presented of the conjectured entropic origin of the gravitational force. The gravitational force on a test particle in the vicinity of the horizon of a large Schwarzschild black hole in arbitrary spacetime dimensions is obtained as entropic force. The same conclusion can be reached for the cases of a large electrically charged black hole and a large slowly rotating Kerr black hole. The generalization along the same lines to a test mass in the field of an arbitrary spherical star is also studied and found not to be possible. Our results thus reinforce the argument that the entropic gravity proposal cannot account for the gravitational force in generic situations."
"We study four-dimensional gauged supergravity coupled to six vector multiplets with semisimple gauge groups , and . All of these gauge groups are dyonically embedded in the global symmetry group &lt;i&gt;SO&lt;i/&gt;(6, 6) via its maximal subgroup . For gauge group, there are four supersymmetric vacua with , , and symmetries, respectively. These vacua correspond to SCFTs in three dimensions with &lt;i&gt;SO&lt;i/&gt;(4) R-symmetry and different flavor symmetries. We explicitly compute the full scalar mass spectra at all these vacua. Holographic RG flows interpolating between these conformal fixed points are also given. The solutions describe supersymmetric deformations of SCFTs by relevant operators of dimensions . A number of these solutions can be found analytically although some of them can only be obtained numerically. These results provide a rich and novel class of fixed points in three-dimensional Chern–Simons-Matter theories and possible RG flows between them in the framework of gauged supergravity in four dimensions. Similar studies are carried out for non-compact gauge groups, but the gauge group exhibits a much richer structure."
"A search for new phenomena in final states containing an or pair, jets, and large missing transverse momentum is presented. This analysis makes use of proton–proton collision data with an integrated luminosity of , collected during 2015 and 2016 at a centre-of-mass energy with the ATLAS detector at the Large Hadron Collider. The search targets the pair production of supersymmetric coloured particles (squarks or gluinos) and their decays into final states containing an or pair and the lightest neutralino () via one of two next-to-lightest neutralino () decay mechanisms: , where the &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; boson decays leptonically leading to a peak in the dilepton invariant mass distribution around the &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; boson mass; and with no intermediate resonance, yielding a kinematic endpoint in the dilepton invariant mass spectrum. The data are found to be consistent with the Standard Model expectation. Results are interpreted using simplified models, and exclude gluinos and squarks with masses as large as 1.85 and 1.3  at 95% confidence level, respectively."
"Neutral pion and meson invariant differential yields were measured in non-single diffractive p–Pb collisions at  = 5.02 TeV with the ALICE experiment at the CERN LHC. The analysis combines results from three complementary photon measurements, utilizing the PHOS and EMCal calorimeters and the Photon Conversion Method. The invariant differential yields of and meson inclusive production are measured near mid-rapidity in a broad transverse momentum range of and , respectively. The measured ratio increases with and saturates for &gt; 4 at . A deviation from scaling is observed for 2 . The measured ratio is consistent with previous measurements from proton-nucleus and pp collisions over the full range. The measured ratio at high also agrees within uncertainties with measurements from nucleus–nucleus collisions. The and yields in p–Pb relative to the scaled pp interpolated reference, , are presented for 20 and 20 , respectively. The results are compared with theoretical model calculations. The values of are consistent with unity for transverse momenta above 2 . These results support the interpretation that the suppressed yield of neutral mesons measured in Pb–Pb collisions at LHC energies is due to parton energy loss in the hot QCD medium."
"We investigate the stability criterions for perfect fluid in &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) theories which is an important generalization of general relativity. Firstly, using Wald’s general variation principle, we recast Seifert’s work and obtain the dynamical stability criterion. Then using our generalized thermodynamical criterion, we obtain the concrete expressions of the criterion. We show that the dynamical stability criterion is exactly the same as the thermodynamical stability criterion to spherically symmetric perturbations of static spherically symmetric background solutions. This result suggests that there is an inherent connection between the thermodynamics and gravity in &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) theories. It should be pointed out that using the thermodynamical method to determine the stability for perfect fluid is simpler and more directly than the dynamical method."
"We investigate the projected sensitivity to effective dark matter (DM)–diboson interaction during the high luminosity &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt;-pole and 240 GeV runs at the proposed Circular Electron Positron Collider (CEPC). The proposed runs at the 91.2 GeV center of mass energy offers an interesting opportunity to probe effective dark matter couplings to the &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; boson, which can be less stringently tested in non-collider searches. We investigate the prospective sensitivity for dimension 6 and dimension 7 effective diboson operators to scalar and fermion dark matter. These diboson operators can generate semi-visible &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; boson decay, and high missing transverse momentum mono-photon signals that can be test efficiently at the CEPC, with a small and controllable Standard Model background. Projected sensitivities for the effective coupling efficient for scalar DM, for fermion DM are obtain for 25  and &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt;-pole luminosities assuming the optimal low dark matter mass range. We also compare the CEPC sensitivities to current direct and indirect search limits on these effective DM-diboson operators."
"Fits to the final combined HERA deep-inelastic scattering cross-section data within the conventional DGLAP framework of QCD have shown some tension at low &lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt; and low . A resolution of this tension incorporating -resummation terms into the HERAPDF fits is investigated using the xFitter program. The kinematic region where this resummation is important is delineated. Such high-energy resummation not only gives a better description of the data, particularly of the longitudinal structure function , it also results in a gluon PDF which is steeply rising at low &lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt; for low scales, , contrary to the fixed-order NLO and NNLO gluon PDF."
"We use flat-space holography to calculate the mutual information and the 3-partite information of a two-dimensional BMS-invariant field theory (BMSFT). This theory is the putative holographic dual of the three-dimensional asymptotically flat spacetimes. We find a bound in which entangling transition occurs for zero and finite temperature BMSFTs. We also show that the holographic 3-partite information is always non-positive which indicates that the holographic mutual information is monogamous."
"In this paper, we investigate non-Ricci, non-compact Friedmann–Robertson–Walker type Kaluza–Klein cosmology in the presence of pressureless matter and modified holographic Ricci dark energy in the frame work of Brans and Dicke (Phys Rev 124:965, 1961) scalar–tensor theory of gravitation. We solve the field equations of this theory using a hybrid expansion law for the five dimensional scale factor. We have also used a power law and a form of logarithmic function of the scale factor for the Brans–Dicke scalar field. Consequently, we obtain two interesting cosmological models of the Kaluza–Klein universe. We have evaluated the cosmological parameters, namely, the equation of state parameter, the deceleration parameter, and the density parameters. To check the stability of our models we use the squared speed of sound. Some well-known cosmological (– and statefinder) planes are constructed for our models. We have also analyzed the physical behavior of these parameters through graphical representation. It is observed that the FRW type Kaluza–Klein dark energy models presented are compatible with the present day cosmological observations."
"In the present article, we have constructed a static charged anisotropic compact star model of Einstein field equations for a spherically symmetric space-time geometry. Specifically, we have extended the charged isotropic Heintzmann solution to an anisotropic domain. To address this work, we have employed the gravitational decoupling through the so called minimal geometric deformation approach. The charged anisotropic model is representing the realistic compact objects such as and . We have reported our results in details for the compact star on the ground of physical properties such as pressure, density, velocity of sound, energy conditions, stability conditions, Tolman–Oppenheimer–Volkoff equation and redshift etc."
"We discuss the high energy scattering of hadrons with the multi-Regge kinematics. The effective 2&lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt; model for the interaction between the produced hard gluons appears as a result of the dimensional reduction, which is similar to the dimensional reduction D D of the high temperature gauge theory. It is demonstrated that being supplemented by the exchange by virtual D gluons this 2&lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt; model gives rise to the hermitian version of the effective action of Lipatov for the interaction between the ordinary and the reggeized gluons."
"We explore the response of the momentum dissipation introduced by spatial linear axionic fields in a holographic model without self-duality, which is broke by Weyl tensor coupling to Maxwell field. It is found that for the positive Weyl coupling parameter , the momentum dissipation, characterized by parameter , drives an incoherent metallic state with a peak at low frequency into another incoherent metallic phase with a dip. While for , an oppositive scenario is observed. Another interesting feature in our model is that for some observables including the DC conductivity, diffusion constant and susceptibility, there exists a certain value of , for which these observables are independent of . Finally, the electromagnetic (EM) duality is also studied and there is also a specific value of , for which the particle-vortex duality related by the change of the sign of in the boundary theory holds better than for other values of ."
"We study the Lie bialgebra structures that can be built on the one-dimensional central extension of the Poincaré and (A)dS algebras in (1 + 1) dimensions. These central extensions admit more than one interpretation, but the simplest one is that they describe the symmetries of (the noncommutative deformation of) an Abelian gauge theory, &lt;i&gt;U&lt;i/&gt;(1) or &lt;i&gt;SO&lt;i/&gt;(2) on Minkowski or (A)dS spacetime. We show that this highlights the possibility that the algebra of functions on the gauge bundle becomes noncommutative. This is a new way in which the Coleman–Mandula theorem could be circumvented by noncommutative structures, and it is related to a mixing of spacetime and gauge symmetry generators when they act on tensor-product states. We obtain all Lie bialgebra structures on centrally-extended Poincaré and (A)dS which are coisotropic w.r.t. the Lorentz algebra, and therefore admit the construction of a noncommutative principal gauge bundle on a quantum homogeneous spacetime. It is shown that several different types of hybrid noncommutativity between the spacetime and gauge coordinates are allowed. In one of these cases, an alternative interpretation of the central extension leads to a new description of the well-known canonical noncommutative spacetime as the quantum homogeneous space of a quantum Poincaré algebra."
"We revisit neutrino oscillations in matter considering the open quantum system framework, which allows to introduce possible decoherence effects generated by New Physics in a phenomenological manner. We assume that the decoherence parameters may depend on the neutrino energy, as . The case of non-uniform matter is studied in detail and, in particular, we develop a consistent formalism to study the non-adiabatic case dividing the matter profile into an arbitrary number of layers of constant densities. This formalism is then applied to explore the sensitivity of IceCube and DeepCore to this type of effects. Our study is the first atmospheric neutrino analysis where a consistent treatment of the matter effects in the three-neutrino case is performed in presence of decoherence. We show that matter effects are indeed extremely relevant in this context. We find that IceCube is able to considerably improve over current bounds in the solar sector () and in the atmospheric sector ( and ) for and, in particular, by several orders of magnitude (between 3 and 9) for the cases. For we find and at the 95% CL, for normal (inverted) mass ordering."
"Recently a gauged two Higgs doublet model, in which the two Higgs doublets are embedded into the fundamental representation of an extra local group, was constructed. Both the new gauge bosons and are electrically neutral. While can be singly produced at colliders, , which is heavier, must be pair produced. We explore the constraints of using the current Drell–Yan type data from the Large Hadron Collider. Anticipating optimistically that can be discovered via the clean Drell–Yan type signals at a high luminosity upgrade of the collider, we explore the detectability of extra heavy fermions in the model via the two leptons/jets plus missing transverse energy signals from the exotic decay modes of . For the pair production in a future 100 TeV proton–proton collider, we demonstrate certain kinematical distributions for the two/four leptons plus missing energy signals have features distinguishable from the Standard Model background. In addition, comparisons of these kinematical distributions between the gauged two Higgs doublet model and the littlest Higgs model with T-parity, the latter of which can give rise to the same signals with competitive if not larger cross sections, are also presented."
"In their recent work (Eiroa and Aguirre in Eur Phys J C 76:132, 2016), Eiroa and Aguirre introduced thin-shell wormholes in -gravity coupled with the Maxwell electromagnetic field. Here in this note we shall address an interesting feature of their results which has been missed. It will be shown that thin-shell wormhole can not be formed in the black hole spacetime solution of this theory but instead there are rooms for making stable thin-shell wormholes in non-black hole bulk spacetime as was noted in Eiroa and Aguirre (2016). This study is not a comment on very correct results of Eiroa and Aguirre (2016) but instead it is a complementary result to their paper."
"In this paper we perform systematic investigation of all possible regimes in spatially flat vacuum cosmological models in cubic Lovelock gravity. The spatial section is considered as a product of three- and extra-dimensional isotropic subspaces, and the former represents our Universe. As the equations of motion are different for and general cases, we considered them all separately. This is the second paper of the series, and we consider and general cases here. For each &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt; case we found critical values for (Gauss–Bonnet coupling) and (cubic Lovelock coupling) which separate different dynamical cases, isotropic and anisotropic exponential solutions, and study the dynamics in each region to find all regimes for all initial conditions and for arbitrary values of and . The results suggest that in all there are regimes with realistic compactification originating from so-called “generalized Taub” solution. The endpoint of the compactification regimes is either anisotropic exponential solution (for , (including entire )) or standard Kasner regime (for , ). For there is additional regime which originates from high-energy (cubic Lovelock) Kasner regime and ends as anisotropic exponential solution. It exists in two domains: , , and entire , . Let us note that for and , , there are two realistic compactification regimes which exist at the same time and have two different anisotropic exponential solutions as a future asymptotes. For and , , there are two realistic compactification regimes but they lead to the same anisotropic exponential solution. This behavior is quite different from the Einstein–Gauss–Bonnet case. There are two more unexpected observations among the results – all realistic compactification regimes exist only for and there is no smooth transition from high-energy Kasner regime to the low-energy regime with realistic compactification."
"In theories with long-range forces like QED or perturbative gravity, only rates that include emitted soft radiation are non-vanishing. Independently of detector resolution, finite observables can only be obtained after integrating over the IR-component of this radiation. This integration can lead to some loss of quantum coherence. In this note, however, we argue that it should in general not lead to full decoherence. Based on unitarity, we suggest a way to define non-vanishing off-diagonal pieces of the IR-finite density matrix. For this IR-finite density matrix, we estimate the dependence of the loss of quantum coherence, i.e. of its purity, on the scattering kinematics."
"We investigate cosmological perturbations for nonlinear &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) models within the cosmic screening approach. Matter is considered both in the form of a set of discrete point-like massive bodies and in the form of a continuous pressureless perfect fluid. We perform full relativistic analysis of the first-order theory of scalar perturbations for arbitrary nonlinear &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) models and demonstrate that scalar potentials and are determined by a system of only two master equations. Our equations are applicable at all spatial scales as long as the approximation (which is usually assumed in studies devoted to cosmological perturbations in &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) models) works."
"The aim of this paper is to probe the features of the bouncing cosmology with the current observational data. Basing on bounce inflation model, with high derivative term, we propose a general parametrization of primordial power spectrum which includes the typical bouncing parameters, such as bouncing time-scale, and energy scale. By applying Markov Chain Monto Carlo analysis with current data combination of Planck 2015, BAO and JLA, we report the posterior probability distributions of the parameters. We find that, bouncing models can well explain CMB observations, especially the deficit and oscillation on large scale in TT power spectrum."
"High precision tests of the light speed constancy for all observers as a empirical basis of Special Relativity have continuously been among the goals of advanced experimental studies. Based on the Compton edge method proposed by us (Gurzadyan and Margarian in Phys Scr 53:513, 1996), a constraint on the one-way light speed isotropy and Lorentz invariance violation has been obtained at the dedicated GRAAL experiment at European Synchrotron Radiation Facility (ESRF, Grenoble) (Gurzadyan et al. in Mod Phys Lett A 20:1, 2005, Nuovo Cimento 122:515, 2007, Proceedings of the XII M. Grossmann meeting on general relativity, vol B. World Scientific, p 1495. arXiv:1004.2867, 2012; Bocquet et al. in Phys Rev Lett 104:241601, 2010). Using the GRAAL data we now get a new constraint on one of the key tests of Special Relativity—the Kennedy–Thorndike experiment (Kennedy and Thorndike in Phys Rev 42:400, 1932) in probing light speed invariance with respect to the velocity of the observer (apparatus). Our analysis takes advantage of GRAAL’s setup where two separate energy scales are involved: first, via the position of the Compton edge determining the light speed in the reference frame of incident 6 GeV electrons within the tagging system, second, in the calorimeter via the 1.27 MeV photons of the Na source. The two energy scales are engaged to each other through production of mesons by tagged laser Compton backscattered -rays. The accuracy of the calibration and stability of energies reached in each section enable us to obtain the limit of for the Kennedy–Thorndike test, which improves the currently existing limits by three orders of magnitude."
"Many experiments in physics involve searching for a localized excess over background expectations in an observed spectrum. If the background is known and there is Gaussian noise, the amount of excess of successive observations can be quantified by the SQUARES (squares-of-run-residuals sum) statistic taking care of the look-elsewhere effect. The distribution of the SQUARES statistic under the background model is known analytically but the computation becomes too expensive for more than about a hundred observations. Here a principled high-precision extrapolation from a few dozen up to millions of data points is derived. It is most precise in the interesting regime when an excess is present. The method is verified for benchmark cases and successfully applied to real data from an axion search. C++ code that implements our method is available at https://github.com/fredRos/runs."
"In this paper we demonstrate that the selection of events with different multiplicities of produced particles, leads to the violation of the azimuthal angular symmetry, . We find for LHC and lower energies, that this violation can be so large for the events with multiplicities , where is the mean multiplicity, that it leads to almost no suppression of , with odd &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt;. However, this can only occur if the typical size of the dipole in DIS with a nuclear target is small, or , where is the saturation momentum of the nucleus at . In the case of large sizes of dipoles, when , we show that for odd &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt;. Hadron-nucleus scattering is discussed."
"We show that two-dimensional JT gravity, the holographic dual of the IR fixed point of the SYK model, can be obtained from the consistent Kaluza–Klein reduction of a class of EMD theories in general &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt; dimensions. For , 5, the EMD theories can be themselves embedded in supergravities. These exact embeddings provide the holographic duals in the framework of strings and M-theory. We find that a class of JT gravity solutions can be lifted to become time-dependent charged extremal black holes. They can be further lifted, for example, to describe the D1/D5-branes where the worldsheet is the Milne universe, rather than the typical Minkowski spacetime."
"We derive the critical temperature in a nonlocal Nambu–Jona-Lasinio model with the presence of a chiral chemical potential. The model we consider uses a form factor derived from recent studies of the gluon propagator in Yang–Mills theory and has the property to fit in excellent way the form factor arising from the instanton liquid picture for the vacuum of the theory. Nambu–Jona-Lasinio model is derived form quantum chromodynamics providing all the constants of the theory without any need for fits. We show that the critical temperature in this case always exists and increases as the square of the chiral chemical potential. The expression we obtain for the critical temperature depends on the mass gap that naturally arises from Yang–Mills theory at low-energy as also confirmed by lattice computations."
"A search is presented for physics beyond the standard model, based on measurements of dijet angular distributions in proton–proton collisions at . The data collected with the CMS detector at the LHC correspond to an integrated luminosity of 35.9. The observed distributions, corrected to particle level, are found to be in agreement with predictions from perturbative quantum chromodynamics that include electroweak corrections. Constraints are placed on models containing quark contact interactions, extra spatial dimensions, quantum black holes, or dark matter, using the detector-level distributions. In a benchmark model where only left-handed quarks participate, contact interactions are excluded at the 95% confidence level up to a scale of 12.8 or 17.5TeV, for destructive or constructive interference, respectively. The most stringent lower limits to date are set on the ultraviolet cutoff in the Arkani–Hamed–Dimopoulos–Dvali model of extra dimensions. In the Giudice–Rattazzi–Wells convention, the cutoff scale is excluded up to 10.1TeV. The production of quantum black holes is excluded for masses below 5.9 and 8.2TeV, depending on the model. For the first time, lower limits between 2.0 and 4.6TeVare set on the mass of a dark matter mediator for (axial-)vector mediators, for the universal quark coupling ."
"It seems surprising that the emissivity properties of the accretion disk (&lt;i&gt;à la&lt;i/&gt; Page and Thorne) surrounding the Gibbons–Maeda–Garfinkle–Horowitz–Strominger (GMGHS) black holes of heterotic string theory have not yet been studied. To fill this gap in the literature, we study the emissivity properties of the thin accretion disks around these black holes both in the Einstein and in the string frame using the Page–Thorne model. For illustration, we choose as a toy model a stellar-sized spherically symmetric black hole and find that, while the emissivity properties do not significantly differ from those of Reissner–Nordström and Schwarzschild black holes, they remarkably differ at GMGHS extreme limits corresponding to naked singularity and wormhole at higher frequencies. These differences provide a novel way to speculatively conclude about different types of objects from the observational point of view."
"The consequences of phase transitions in the early universe are becoming testable in a variety of manners, from colliders physics to gravitational wave astronomy. In particular one phase transition we know of, the electroweak phase transition (EWPT), could potentially be first order in BSM scenarios and testable in the near future. If confirmed this could provide a mechanism for baryogenesis, which is one of the most important outstanding questions in physics. To reliably make predictions it is necessary to have full control of the finite temperature scalar potentials. However, as we show the standard methods used in BSM physics to improve phase transition calculations, resumming hard thermal loops, introduces significant errors into the scalar potential. In addition, the standard methods make it impossible to match theories to an EFT description reliably. In this paper we define a thermal resummation procedure based on partial dressing (PD) for general BSM calculations of phase transitions beyond the high-temperature approximation. Additionally, we introduce the modified optimized partial dressing (OPD) procedure, which is numerically nearly as efficient as old incorrect methods, while yielding identical results to the full PD calculation. This can be easily applied to future BSM studies of phase transitions in the early universe. As an example, we show that in unmixed singlet scalar extensions of the SM, the (O)PD calculations make new phenomenological predictions compared to previous analyses. An important future application is the study of EFTs at finite temperature."
"The homogeneous cosmological models with a Liouville scalar field are investigated in classical and quantum contexts of Wheeler–DeWitt geometrodynamics. In the quantum case of quintessence field with potential unbounded from below and phantom field, the energy density operators are not essentially self-adjoint, and self-adjoint extensions contain ambiguities. Therefore the same classical actions correspond to a family of distinct quantum models. For the phantom field the energy spectrum happens to be discrete. The probability conservation and appropriate classical limit can be achieved with a certain restriction of the functional class. The appropriately localized wave packets are studied numerically using the Schrödinger’s norm and a conserved Mostafazadeh’s norm introduced from techniques of pseudo-Hermitian quantum mechanics. These norms give a similar packet evolution that is confronted with analytical classical solutions."
"In order to unravel the origin of the nucleon spin, one has to study in detail the question of orbital angular momentum, and in particular the reference point about which it is defined. With this in mind, we review the concept of relativistic center of mass, generalize the discussion to the case of asymmetric energy-momentum tensors, and establish the link with the light-front formalism. We find that the &lt;i&gt;p&lt;i/&gt;-wave in the Dirac plane-wave solutions arises from a relativistic quantum-mechanical effect which forces the canonical reference point to depend on the observer. This explains why longitudinal spin is much simpler to study than transverse spin. It is also the reason behind the observation of induced shifts and distortions in the parton distributions defined within the light-front formalism."
"The elliptic flow of prompt and non-prompt was measured in the dimuon decay channel in Pb+Pb collisions at   with an integrated luminosity of with the ATLAS detector at the LHC. The prompt and non-prompt signals are separated using a two-dimensional simultaneous fit of the invariant mass and pseudo-proper decay time of the dimuon system from the decay. The measurement is performed in the kinematic range of dimuon transverse momentum and rapidity  , , and 0–60% collision centrality. The elliptic flow coefficient, , is evaluated relative to the event plane and the results are presented as a function of transverse momentum, rapidity and centrality. It is found that prompt and non-prompt mesons have non-zero elliptic flow. Prompt decreases as a function of , while for non-prompt it is, with limited statistical significance, consistent with a flat behaviour over the studied kinematic region. There is no observed dependence on rapidity or centrality."
"In this paper we consider the Dirac spinor field in interaction with a background of electrodynamics and torsion-gravity; by performing the polar reduction we acquire the possibility to introduce a new set of objects that have the geometrical status of non-vanishing tensors but which seem to contain the same information of the connection: thus they appear to be describing something that seems like an inertial force but which is also essentially covariant. After a general introduction, we exemplify these tensors in the very well known instance of the orbital of minimal energy for an electron in the case of the Hydrogen atom: we will see that the invariants built with these tensors remain different from zero even for free field configurations. An outlook regarding possible interpretations of such a set of tensors will be sketched. A few final comments will eventually be given."
"We study the case of a di-bottomonium particle at the LHC. Its mass and decay width are obtained within a new model of diquark–antidiquark interactions in tetraquarks. The same model solves several open problems on the phenomenology of the experimentally better known &lt;i&gt;X&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; states. We show that the tetraquark is expected approximately 100 MeV below threshold, and compare to a recent analysis by LHCb seeking it in the final state."
"Two-parton correlations in the pion are investigated in terms of double parton distribution functions. A Poincaré covariant light-front framework has been adopted. As non perturbative input, the pion wave function obtained within the so-called soft-wall AdS/QCD model has been used. Results show how novel dynamical information on the structure of the pion, not accessible through one-body quantities, are encoded in double parton distribution functions."
"The effective field theory of quantum gravity generically predicts non-locality to be present in the effective action, which results from the low-energy propagation of gravitons and massless matter. Working to second order in gravitational curvature, we reconsider the effects of quantum gravity on the gravitational radiation emitted from a binary system. In particular, we calculate for the first time the leading order quantum gravitational correction to the classical quadrupole radiation formula which appears at second order in Newton’s constant."
"We initiate a study on various cosmological imprints of string axions whose scalar potentials have plateau regions. In such cases, we show that a delayed onset of oscillation rather generically leads to a parametric resonance instability. In particular, for ultralight axions, the parametric resonance can enhance the power spectrum slightly below the Jeans scale, alleviating the tension with the Lyman forest observations. We also argue that a sustainable resonance can lead to an emission of gravitational waves at the frequency bands which are detectable by gravitational wave interferometers and pulsar timing arrays and also to a succeeding oscillon formation."
"The KATRIN experiment aims to determine the effective electron neutrino mass with a sensitivity of (%90 CL) by precision measurement of the shape of the tritium -spectrum in the endpoint region. The energy analysis of the decay electrons is achieved by a MAC-E filter spectrometer. A common background source in this setup is the decay of short-lived isotopes, such as and , in the spectrometer volume. Active and passive countermeasures have been implemented and tested at the KATRIN main spectrometer. One of these is the magnetic pulse method, which employs the existing air coil system to reduce the magnetic guiding field in the spectrometer on a short timescale in order to remove low- and high-energy stored electrons. Here we describe the working principle of this method and present results from commissioning measurements at the main spectrometer. Simulations with the particle-tracking software Kassiopeia were carried out to gain a detailed understanding of the electron storage conditions and removal processes."
"The parameters of the electroweak theory are determined in a combined electroweak and QCD analysis using all deep-inelastic and neutral current and charged current scattering cross sections published by the H1 Collaboration, including data with longitudinally polarised lepton beams. Various fits to Standard Model parameters in the on-shell scheme are performed. The mass of the &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; boson is determined as . The axial-vector and vector couplings of the light quarks to the &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; boson are also determined. Both results improve the precision of previous H1 determinations based on HERA-I data by about a factor of two. Possible scale dependence of the weak coupling parameters in both neutral and charged current interactions beyond the Standard Model is also studied. All results are found to be consistent with the Standard Model expectations."
"We propose a covariant holographic conjecture for the entanglement negativity of bipartite mixed states in -dimensional conformal field theories dual to bulk non static configurations. Application of our conjecture to -dimensional conformal field theories dual to bulk non extremal and extremal rotating BTZ black holes exactly reproduce the corresponding entanglement negativity obtained through the replica technique, in the large central charge limit. We briefly discuss the issue of the generalization of our conjecture to higher dimensions."
"We derive production yields for massive pseudo-scalar and scalar axion-like-particles (ALPs), through non-linear Compton scattering of an electron in the background of low- and high-intensity electromagnetic fields. In particular, we focus on electromagnetic fields from Gaussian plane wave laser pulses. A detailed study of the angular distributions and effects of the scalar and pseudo-scalar masses is presented. It is shown that ultra-relativistic seed electrons can be used to produce scalars and pseudo-scalars with masses up to the order of the electron mass. We briefly discuss future applications of this work towards lab-based searches for light beyond-the-Standard-Model particles."
"In multi-field reheating after modular &lt;i&gt;j&lt;i/&gt;-inflation we investigate the conditions under which baryogenesis via non-thermal leptogenesis can be successfully realized. We introduce three heavy right-handed neutrinos to the non-supersymmetric Standard Model of particle physics, assuming hierarchical neutrino masses. Considering a typical mass for the first right-handed neutrino of the order of  GeV, suggested from the seesaw mechanism and also from concrete &lt;i&gt;SO&lt;i/&gt;(10) grand unification models, we obtain the allowed parameter space for viable baryogenesis. An upper bound for the inflaton mass as well as a lower bound for its branching ratio to the pair of lightest right-handed neutrinos are found and reported."
"Most dark energy models have the CDM as their limit, and if future observations constrain our universe to be close to CDM Bayesian arguments about the evidence and the fine-tuning will have to be employed to discriminate between the models. Assuming a baseline CDM model we investigate a number of quintessence and phantom dark energy models, and we study how they would perform when compared to observational data, such as the expansion rate, the angular distance, and the growth rate measurements, from the upcoming Dark Energy Spectroscopic Instrument (DESI) survey. We sample posterior likelihood surfaces of these dark energy models with Monte Carlo Markov Chains while using central values consistent with the Planck CDM universe and covariance matrices estimated with Fisher information matrix techniques. We find that for this setup the Bayes factor provides a substantial evidence in favor of the CDM model over most of the alternatives. We also investigated how well the CPL parametrization approximates various scalar field dark energy models, and identified the location for each dark energy model in the CPL parameter space."
"The inclusive production at the LHC of a charged light hadron and of a jet, featuring a wide separation in rapidity, is suggested as a new probe process for the investigation of the BFKL mechanism of resummation of energy logarithms in the QCD perturbative series. We present some predictions, tailored on the CMS and CASTOR acceptances, for the cross section averaged over the azimuthal angle between the identified jet and hadron and for azimuthal correlations."
"We study cosmological solutions in nonlocal teleparallel gravity or &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) theory, where &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt; is the torsion scalar in teleparallel gravity. This is a natural extension of the usual teleparallel gravity with nonlocal terms. In this work the phase space portrait proposed to describe the dynamics of an arbitrary flat, homogeneous cosmological background with a number of matter contents, both in early- and late-time epochs. The aim was to convert the system of the equations of the motion to a first order autonomous dynamical system and to find fixed points and attractors using numerical codes. For this purpose, firstly we derive effective forms of cosmological field equations describing the whole cosmic evolution history in a homogeneous and isotropic cosmological background and construct the autonomous system of the first order dynamical equations. In addition, we investigate the local stability in the dynamical systems called “the stable/unstable manifold” by introducing a specific form of the interaction between matter, dark energy, radiation and a scalar field. Furthermore, we explore the exact solutions of the cosmological equations in the case of a de Sitter spacetime. In particular, we examine the role of an auxiliary function called “gauge” in the formation of such cosmological solutions and show whether the de Sitter solutions can exist or not. Moreover, we study the stability issue of the de Sitter solutions both in vacuum and non-vacuum spacetimes. It is demonstrated that, for nonlocal &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity, the stable de Sitter solutions can be produced even in vacuum spacetime."
"Solutions and their evolutions of the quark gap equation are studied within the Nambu–Jona–Lasinio model, which is a basic issue for studying the QCD phase structure and locating the possible critical end point. It is shown that in the chiral limit case of the vacuum, chiral symmetry will hold if the coupling strength &lt;i&gt;G&lt;i/&gt; is small, then the system only has the Wigner solution at . If increasing &lt;i&gt;G&lt;i/&gt;, two symmetric minima will appear as the positive and “negative” Nambu solutions, however, the solution now corresponds to a maximum instead of a minimum of the thermodynamical potential, so is not a physically stable state anymore (we call it “pseudo-Wigner solution”). Besides, it is shown that as the current quark mass &lt;i&gt;m&lt;i/&gt; increases, the pseudo-Wigner solution will become negative, and disappear together with the negative Nambu solution if &lt;i&gt;m&lt;i/&gt; is large enough. Similar things happen if we increase the temperature or quark chemical potential . Some interesting phenomenon is, from some a second local minimum will show up. As increases gradually, it will be stabler than the Nambu solution, survives even the Nambu solution disappears, and approaches &lt;i&gt;m&lt;i/&gt;, which are just the features of the Wigner solution we expect."
"The propagators of the Dirac fermions on the expanding portion of the -dimensional de Sitter spacetime are considered as mode sums in momentum representation with a fixed vacuum of Bunch–Davies type. The principal result reported here is a new integral representation of the Feynman propagators of the massive and left-handed massless Dirac fields which can be used for deriving the Feynman rules of de Sitter QED in the Coulomb gauge or of an extended QFT."
"In this paper, taking into account a black hole solution of Finsler theory, we study the remnant and its phase transition close to the Planck scale. Based on the corrected Dirac equation, the quantum tunneling method is applied to derive a revised Hawking temperature-uncertainty relation. Further, with the generalized uncertainty principle(GUP), when the Finsler black hole reaches the Planck scale, the remnant after evaporation is calculated. Meanwhile, according to the phase transition and heat capacity, we analyze thermodynamic stability of the black hole remnant."
"We consider the existence of an “inflaton” described by an homogeneous scalar field in the Szekeres cosmological metric. The gravitational field equations are reduced to two families of solutions which describe the homogeneous Kantowski–Sachs spacetime and an inhomogeneous FLRW(-like) spacetime with spatial curvature a constant. The main differences with the original Szekeres spacetimes containing only pressure-free matter are discussed. We investigate the stability of the two families of solution by studying the critical points of the field equations. We find that there exist stable solutions which describe accelerating spatially-flat FLRW geometries."
"We propose a new mechanism of (geometric) moduli stabilisation in type IIB/F-theory four-dimensional compactifications on Calabi–Yau manifolds, in the presence of 7-branes, that does not rely on non-perturbative effects. Complex structure moduli and the axion-dilaton system are stabilised in the standard way, without breaking supersymmetry, using 3-form internal fluxes. Kähler class moduli stabilisation utilises perturbative string loop corrections, together with internal magnetic fields along the &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt;7-branes world-volume leading to Fayet-Iliopoulos D-terms in the effective supergravity action. The main ingredient that makes the stabilisation possible at a de Sitter vacuum is the logarithmic dependence of the string loop corrections in the large two-dimensional transverse volume limit of the 7-branes."
"In this paper, we will analyze the connection between the fidelity susceptibility, the holographic complexity and the thermodynamic volume. We will regularize the fidelity susceptibility and the holographic complexity by subtracting the contribution of the background AdS spacetime from the deformation of the AdS spacetime. It will be demonstrated that this regularized fidelity susceptibility has the same behavior as the thermodynamic volume and that the regularized complexity has a very different behavior. As the information dual to different volumes in the bulk would be measured by the fidelity susceptibility and the holographic complexity, this paper will establish a connection between thermodynamics and information dual to a volume."
"We study evolution of manifolds after their creation at high energies. Several kinds of gravitational Lagrangians with higher derivatives are considered. It is shown analytically and confirmed numerically that an asymptotic growth of the maximally symmetric manifolds depends strongly on their dimensionality. A number of final metrics describing our Universe is quite poor if we limit ourselves with a maximally symmetric extra space. We show that the initial conditions can be a reason of nontrivial solutions (funnels) and study their properties."
"In this paper, we discuss the effective thermodynamic quantities of higher dimensional electrically charged hairy black holes in de Sitter spacetime, considering the correlation between the black hole horizon and the cosmological horizon. Our results show that, the interaction term determined by the position of the two horizons could significantly contribute to the total entropy of de Sitter spacetime. Moreover, different from the case in AdS spacetime, we find both zero-order and second-order phase transitions under certain conditions, with the absence of first-order phase transition in the electrically charged hairy black holes. These results are strongly supported by the classification of phase transition in Ehrenfest’s equations. More interestingly, our analysis demonstrates the validity of the Ehrenfest equations at the critical point, and futhermore indicates the similarity of Prigogine–Defay (PD) ratio between ECBH spacetime and AdS spacetime."
"A measurement of and production is presented. It is based on a data sample from Pb+Pb collisions at and &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collisions at recorded by the ATLAS detector at the LHC in 2015, corresponding to an integrated luminosity of and in Pb+Pb and &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt;, respectively. The measurements of per-event yields, nuclear modification factors, and non-prompt fractions are performed in the dimuon decay channel for GeV in dimuon transverse momentum, and in rapidity. Strong suppression is found in Pb+Pb collisions for both prompt and non-prompt , increasing with event centrality. The suppression of prompt is observed to be stronger than that of , while the suppression of non-prompt is equal to that of the non-prompt within uncertainties, consistent with the expectation that both arise from &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-quarks propagating through the medium. Despite prompt and non-prompt arising from different mechanisms, the dependence of their nuclear modification factors on centrality is found to be quite similar."
"A bounce universe model, known as the coupled-scalar-tachyon bounce (CSTB) universe, has been shown to solve the Horizon, Flatness and Homogeneity problems as well as the Big Bang singularity problem. Furthermore a scale invariant spectrum of primordial density perturbations generated from the phase of pre-bounce contraction is shown to be stable against time evolution. In this work we study the detailed dynamics of the bounce and its imprints on the scale invariance of the spectrum. The dynamics of the gravitational interactions near the bounce point may be strongly coupled as the spatial curvature becomes big. There is no a prior reason to expect the spectral index of the primordial perturbations of matter density can be preserved. By encoding the bounce dynamics holographically onto the dynamics of dual Yang–Mills system while the latter is weakly coupled, via the AdS/CFT correspondence, we can safely evolve the spectrum of the cosmic perturbations with full control. In this way we can compare the post-bounce spectrum with the pre-bounce one: in the CSTB model we explicitly show that the spectrum of primordial density perturbations generated in the contraction phase preserves its stability as well as scale invariance throughout the bounce process."
"We suggest to isolate the loop-induced gluon-initiated component () for associated production by using the similarity of the Drell–Yan-like component for production to the process. We argue that the cross-section ratio of the latter two processes can be predicted with high theoretical accuracy. Comparing it to the experimental cross-section ratio should allow to probe for new physics in the component at the HL-LHC. We consider typical BSM scenarios in order to exemplify the effect they would have on the proposed observable."
"Weak vector boson scattering (VBS) at the LHC provides an excellent source of information on the structure of quartic gauge couplings and possible effects of physics beyond the SM in electroweak symmetry breaking. Parameterizing deviations from the SM within an effective field theory at tree level, the dimension-8 operators, which are needed for sufficiently general modeling, lead to unphysical enhancements of cross sections within the accessible energy range of the LHC. Preservation of unitarity limits is needed for phenomenological studies of the &lt;i&gt;VVjj&lt;i/&gt; events which signify VBS. Here we develop a numerical unitarization scheme for the full off-shell VBS processes and apply it to same-sign &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; scattering, i.e. processes like . The scheme is implemented within the Monte Carlo program VBFNLO, including leptonic decay of the weak bosons and NLO QCD corrections. Distributions differentiating between higher dimensional operators are discussed."
"We study the hadronic decays within the framework of Chiral Perturbation Theory including resonance states and the complete one-loop corrections. The amplitude is projected in partial waves and unitarized by means of the &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt; / &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt; method resumming both the important &lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt;- and &lt;i&gt;D&lt;i/&gt;-wave and the subleading &lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt;-wave final-state interactions. The participating scalar multiplet mass and coupling strengths are determined from fits to the Dalitz plot experimental data recently released by the A2 collaboration. As a byproduct of our analysis, the associated Dalitz-plot slope parameters are found to be , which lie in the ballpark of the current experimental and theoretical determinations."
"This work is devoted to investigate some of the interior configuration of static anisotropic spherical stellar charged structures in the regime of gravity, where is the Gauss Bonnet invariant. The structure of particular charged stars is analyzed with the help of solution obtained by Krori and Barua under different viable models in gravity theory. The behavior of some physical aspects is investigated with the help of plots and the viability of our modeling is analyzed through different energy conditions. We have also studied some behavior of these realistic charged compact stars and discuss some aspects like density variation, evolution of stresses, different forces, stability of these stars, measure of anisotropy, equation of state parameters and the distribution of charges."
"As a continuation of our previous work, we investigate the weak decays of doubly heavy baryons into a spin-3 / 2 singly or doubly heavy baryon. The light-front approach is adopted to handle the dynamics in the transitions, in which the two spectator quarks are approximated as a diquark. Results for the form factors are then used to calculate decay widths of semileptonic and nonleptonic processes. The flavor SU(3) symmetry and symmetry breaking effects in semileptonic decays modes are explored, and we point out that in the charm sector, there are sizable symmetry breaking effects. For nonleptonic decay modes, we study only the factorizable channels induced by external &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt;-emission. We find that branching fractions for most 1/2 to 3/2 transitions are approximately one order of magnitude smaller than the corresponding ones for the 1/2 to 1/2 transitions. Parametric uncertainties are also investigated in detail. We suggest our experimental colleagues to search for the 1/2 to 1/2 process and its 1/2 to 3/2 counterpart . Their branching ratios turn out to be around and . The former branching ratio is expected to be close to that of the recently discovered process."
"The cosmological principle assumes that the universe is homogeneous and isotropic on cosmic scales. There exist many works testing the cosmic homogeneity and/or the cosmic isotropy of the universe in the literature. In fact, some observational hints of the cosmic anisotropy have been claimed. However, we note that the paucity of the data considered in the literature might be responsible for the “found” cosmic anisotropy. So, it might disappear in a large enough sample. Very recently, the Pantheon sample consisting of 1048 type Ia supernovae (SNIa) has been released, which is the largest spectroscopically confirmed SNIa sample to date. In the present work, we test the cosmic anisotropy in the Pantheon SNIa sample by using three methods, and hence the results from different methods can be cross-checked. All the results obtained by using the hemisphere comparison (HC) method, the dipole fitting (DF) method and HEALPix suggest that no evidence for the cosmic anisotropy is found in the Pantheon SNIa sample."
"Spatial modulation has been studied for a long time in condensed matter, nuclear matter and quark matter, where the manifest Lorentz invariance is lost due to the finite density/temperature effects and so on. In this paper, spatially modulated vacua at zero temperature and zero density are studied in Lorentz invariant field theories. We first propose an adaptation of the Nambu–Goldstone theorem to higher derivative theories under the assumption of the absence of ghosts: when a global symmetry is spontaneously broken due to vacuum expectation values of space-time derivatives of fields, a Nambu–Goldstone (NG) boson appears without a canonical kinetic (quadratic derivative) term with a quartic derivative term in the modulated direction while a Higgs boson appears with a canonical kinetic term. We demonstrate this in a simple model allowing (meta)stable modulated vacuum of a phase modulation (Fulde–Ferrell state), where an NG mode associated with spontaneously broken translational and &lt;i&gt;U&lt;i/&gt;(1) symmetries appears."
"We study the phase space of the quintom cosmologies for a class of exponential potentials. We combine normal forms expansions and the center manifold theory in order to describe the dynamics near equilibrium sets. Furthermore, we construct the unstable and center manifold of the massless scalar field cosmology motivated by the numerical results given in Lazkoz and Leon (Phys Lett B 638:303. arXiv:astro-ph/0602590, 2006). We study the role of the curvature on the dynamics. Several monotonic functions are defined on relevant invariant sets for the quintom cosmology. Finally, conservation laws of the cosmological field equations and algebraic solutions are determined by using the symmetry analysis and the singularity analysis."
"In this work we investigate the (called simply ) abundance in the hot hadron gas produced in heavy ion collisions after the quark–gluon plasma phase. We use effective Lagrangians to calculate the thermally averaged cross sections of production in processes such as and also of its absorption in the corresponding inverse processes. We then solve the rate equation to follow the time evolution of the multiplicity. We find that, if we neglect the decay, the number of ’s produced at the end of the quark–gluon plasma phase remains almost constant during the hadron phase. The introduction of the decay in the rate equation leads to a suppression in the final yield by a factor two."
"The physical properties of static analytic solutions which describe black brane geometries are discussed. In particular we study the similarities and differences of analytic black brane/string solutions in the Einstein and Jordan frames. The comparison is made between vacuum power law &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity solutions and their conformal equivalents in the Einstein frame. In our analysis we examine how the geometrical and physical properties of these analytic axisymmetric solutions—such as singularities, the temperature and the entropy—are affected as we pass from one frame to the other."
"Rotating black hole solutions in theories of modified gravity are important as they offer an arena to test these theories through astrophysical observation. The non-rotating black hole can be hardly tested since the black hole spin is very important in any astrophysical process. We present rotating counterpart of a recently obtained spherically symmetric exact black hole solution surrounded by perfect fluid in the context of Rastall theory, viz, rotating Rastall black hole that generalize the Kerr–Newman black hole solution. In turn, we analyze the specific cases of the Kerr–Newman black holes surrounded by matter like dust and quintessence fields. Interestingly, for a set of parameters and a chosen surrounding field, there exists a critical rotation parameter (), which corresponds to an extremal black hole with degenerate horizons, while for , it describes a non-extremal black hole with Cauchy and event horizons, and no black hole for with value is also influenced by these parameters. We also discuss the thermodynamical quantities associated with rotating Rastall black hole, and analyze the particle motion with the behavior of effective potential."
"In this paper, we use multi-frequency angular size measurements of 58 intermediate-luminosity quasars reaching the redshifts and demonstrate that they can be used as standard rulers for cosmological inference. Our results indicate that, for the majority of radio-sources in our sample their angular sizes are inversely proportional to the observing frequency. From the physical point of view it means that opacity of the jet is governed by pure synchrotron self-absorption, i.e. external absorption does not play any significant role in the observed angular sizes at least up to 43 GHz. Therefore, we use the value of the intrinsic metric size of compact milliarcsecond radio quasars derived in a cosmology independent manner from survey conducted at 2 GHz and rescale it properly according to predictions of the conical jet model. This approach turns out to work well and produce quite stringent constraints on the matter density parameter in the flat CDM model and Dvali–Gabadadze–Porrati braneworld model. The results presented in this paper pave the way for the follow up engaging multi-frequency VLBI observations of more compact radio quasars with higher sensitivity and angular resolution."
"We calculate tree-level contributions to the inclusive rare decays. At the partonic level they stem from the five-particle process , with . While for transitions such five-body final states contribute at the same order in the Wolfenstein expansion compared to the three-body partonic decay, they are CKM suppressed in decays. In the perturbative expansion, we include all leading-order contributions, as well as partial next-to-leading order QCD and QED effects. In the case of the differential branching ratio, we present all results completely analytically in terms of polylogarithmic functions of at most weight three. We also consider the differential forward-backward asymmetry, where all except one interference could be obtained analytically. From a phenomenological point of view the newly calculated contributions are at the percent level or below."
"Section Analysis, line 9: &lt;i&gt;sub-sample of 818 events&lt;i/&gt; becomes &lt;i&gt;sub-sample of 817 events&lt;i/&gt;."
"A recent observation points to an excess in the expected 21-cm brightness temperature from cosmic dawn. In this paper, we present an alternative explanation of this phenomenon, an interaction in the dark sector. Interacting dark energy models have been extensively studied recently and there is a whole variety of such in the literature. Here we particularize to a specific model in order to make explicit the effect of an interaction."
"We present an alternative description of magnetic monopoles by lifting quantum mechanics from 3-dimensional space into a one with 2 complex dimensions. Magnetic monopoles are realised as a generalisation of the considered physical states. Usual algebraic relations and magnetic fields describing monopoles are reproduced, with the Dirac quantisation condition satisfied naturally."
"We study the distribution of maximal-chain lengths between two elements of a causal set and its relationship with the embeddability of the causal set in a region of flat spacetime. We start with causal sets obtained from uniformly distributed points in Minkowski space. After some general considerations we focus on the 2-dimensional case and derive a recursion relation for the expected number of maximal chains as a function of their length &lt;i&gt;k&lt;i/&gt; and the total number of points &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt; between the maximal and minimal elements. By studying these theoretical distributions as well as ones generated from simulated sprinklings in Minkowski space we identify two features, the most probable path length or peak of the distribution and its width , which can be used both to provide a measure of the embeddability of the causal set as a uniform distribution of points in Minkowski space and to determine its dimensionality, if the causal set is manifoldlike in that sense. We end with a few simple examples of distributions for non-manifoldlike causal sets."
"We investigate the two-body non-leptonic decays of doubly charm strange, , baryon. The branching ratios of the baryon decays involving a pseudoscalar meson for CKM-favored and -suppressed modes are determined by employing the pole model and the factorization hypothesis. We give the first estimates of the non-factorizable W-exchange contributions of decay in the pole model. We find that the branching ratios of some decays receive contributions, exclusively from the W-exchange diagrams, are as large as . The non-spectator contributions in doubly charmed decays are comparable to the factorizable contributions in most of the cases."
"A recent paper on visualizing the sensitivity of hadronic experiments to nucleon structure (Wang et al. in arXiv:1803.02777, 2018) introduces the tool PDFSense which defines measures to allow the user to judge the sensitivity of PDF fits to a given experiment. The sensitivity is characterized by high-dimensional data residuals that are visualized in a 3-d subspace of the 10 first principal components or using non-linear embeddings. We show how a tour, a dynamic visualisation of high dimensional data, can extend this tool beyond 3-d relationships. This approach enables resolving structure orthogonal to the 2-d viewing plane used so far, and hence finer tuned assessment of the sensitivity."
"The ‘KASCADE Cosmic ray Data Centre’ is a web portal (https://kcdc.ikp.kit.edu), where the data of the astroparticle physics experiment KASCADE-Grande are made available for the interested public. The KASCADE experiment was a large-area detector for the measurement of high-energy cosmic rays via the detection of extensive air showers. The multi-detector installations KASCADE and its extension KASCADE-Grande stopped the active data acquisition in 2013 after more than 20 years of data taking. In several updates since our first release in 2013 with KCDC we provide the public measured and reconstructed parameters of more than 433 million air showers. In addition, KCDC provides meta data information and documentation to enable a user outside the community of experts to perform their own data analysis. Simulation data from three different high energy interaction models have been made available as well as a compilation of measured and published spectra from various experiments. In addition, detailed educational examples shall encourage high-school students and early stage researchers to learn about astroparticle physics, cosmic radiation as well as the handling of Big Data and about the sustainable and public provision of scientific data."
"A large number of meson events have been recorded at the LHCb detector, especially some two-body hadronic decay modes. We analyzed the weak decays of the meson into two hadron states under the flavor SU(3) symmetry. The relations among amplitudes of into , , , and were investigated systematically, where &lt;i&gt;P&lt;i/&gt; ( &lt;i&gt;V&lt;i/&gt;) denotes a light pseudoscalar (vector) meson and denotes a light baryon. The mixing and mixing effects are also considered for the phenomenological discussions. We obtained the relations among decay widths of different decay channels. These results are helpful to study the two-body decay properties of the meson and test the flavor SU(3) symmetry."
"Particle physics suggests that the Universe may have undergone several phase transitions, including the well-known inflationary event associated with the separation of the strong and electroweak forces in grand unified theories. The accelerated cosmic expansion during this transition, at cosmic time  s, is often viewed as an explanation for the uniformity of the CMB temperature, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;, which would otherwise have required inexplicable initial conditions. With the discovery of the Higgs particle, it is now quite likely that the Universe underwent another (electroweak) phase transition, at GeV – roughly  s after the big bang. During this event, the fermions gained mass and the electric force separated from the weak force. There is currently no established explanation, however, for the apparent uniformity of the vacuum expectation value of the Higgs field which, like the uniformity in &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;, gives rise to its own horizon problem in standard CDM cosmology. We show in this paper that a solution to the electroweak horizon problem may be found in the choice of cosmological model, and demonstrate that this issue does not exist in the alternative Friedmann–Robertson–Walker cosmology known as the universe."
"The speed of gravitational waves provides us a new tool to test alternative theories of gravity. The constraint on the speed of gravitational waves from GW170817 and GRB170817A is used to test some classes of Horndeski theory. In particular, we consider the coupling of a scalar field to Einstein tensor and the coupling of the Gauss–Bonnet term to a scalar field. The coupling strength of the Gauss–Bonnet coupling is constrained to be in the order of . In the Horndeski theory we show that in order for this theory to satisfy the stringent constraint on the speed of GWs the mass scale &lt;i&gt;M&lt;i/&gt; introduced in the non-minimally derivative coupling is constrained to be in the range GeV taking also under consideration the early times upper bound for the mass scale &lt;i&gt;M&lt;i/&gt;. The large mass ranges require no fine-tuning because the effect of non-minimally derivative coupling is negligible at late times."
"The ring-down phase of black-hole perturbations is governed by the quasi-normal modes (QNM) and offer valuable insight into the nature of the objects emitting them, raising an interesting question: whether QNMs can be used to distinguish between theories of gravity? We construct a consistency test of general relativity (GR) which enables one to distinguish between general relativity and a specific class of modified theories of gravity: &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;). We show that an energetic inequality between scalar (polar) and vector (axial) type gravitational perturbations will exist for Reissner–Nördstrom solutions of GR - using which we find a novel method of determining the charge of a non-spinning black hole in GR. We then show that there will be a further energetic difference for charged black holes in &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;). Finally, we utilize this extra difference to construct a parameter to quantify deviation from GR."
"This article presents cosmological models that arise in a subclass of gravity models, with different &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) functions and fixed &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;-dependence. That is, the gravitational lagrangian is considered as , with constant . Here &lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt; represent the Ricci scalar and trace of the stress-energy tensor, respectively. The modified gravitational field equations are obtained through the metric formalism for the Friedmann–Lemaître–Robertson–Walker metric with signature . We work with , and , with and &lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt; all free parameters, which lead to three different cosmological models for our Universe. For the choice of , this reduces to widely discussed &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity models. This manuscript clearly describes the effects of adding the trace of the energy-momentum tensor in the &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) lagrangian. The exact solution of the modified field equations are obtained under the hybrid expansion law. Also we present the Om diagnostic analysis for the discussed models."
"A light singlino is a promising candidate for dark matter, and a light higgsino is natural in the parameter space of the NMSSM. We study the combined constraints on this scenario resulting from the dark matter relic density, the most recent results from direct detection experiments, LEP and the LHC. In particular limits from a recent search for electroweak production of charginos and neutralinos at  TeV after 35.9 fb by CMS and constraints on spin-independent dark matter–nucleon cross sections from XENON1T after 1 tonne  year exposure are considered. We find that scenarios with higgsino masses below  GeV as well as singlino masses below  GeV are strongly constrained depending, however, on assumptions on the bino mass parameter . Benchmark points and branching fractions for future searches at the LHC are proposed."
"The suppression of spurious events in the region of interest for neutrinoless double beta decay will play a major role in next generation experiments. The background of detectors based on the technology of cryogenic calorimeters is expected to be dominated by particles, that could be disentangled from double beta decay signals by exploiting the difference in the emission of the scintillation light. CUPID-0, an array of enriched ZnSe scintillating calorimeters, is the first large mass demonstrator of this technology. The detector started data-taking in 2017 at the Laboratori Nazionali del Gran Sasso with the aim of proving that dual read-out of light and heat allows for an efficient suppression of the background. In this paper we describe the software tools we developed for the analysis of scintillating calorimeters and we demonstrate that this technology allows to reach an unprecedented background for cryogenic calorimeters."
"We explore the possibility that both the suppression of the multipole moment of the power spectrum of cosmic microwave background temperature fluctuations and the possible dip for –30 can be explained as well as a possible new dip for as the result of the resonant creation of sequential excitations of a fermionic (or bosonic) closed superstring that couples to the inflaton field. We consider a D26 closed bosonic string with one toroidal compact dimension as an illustration of how string excitations might imprint themselves on the CMB. We analyze the existence of successive momentum states, winding states or oscillations on the string as the source of the three possible dips in the power spectrum. Although the evidence of these dips are of marginal statistical significance, this might constitute the first observational evidence of successive superstring excitations in Nature."
"We present a new correspondence between a &lt;i&gt;d&lt;i/&gt;-dimensional dynamical system and a family of higher-order derivative -dimensional systems. This new scale-holographic relation is built by the explicit introduction of a dimensionful constant which determines the size of the additional dimension. &lt;i&gt;Scale holography&lt;i/&gt; is particularly useful for studying non-local theories, since the equivalent dual system on the higher dimensional manifold can be made to be local, as we illustrate with the specific examples of the &lt;i&gt;p&lt;i/&gt;-adic string theory and the free particle."
"Measurements made at the LHC have shown that the production of the , , and quarkonia is suppressed in Pb–Pb collisions, with respect to the extrapolation of the pp production yields. The and states are more strongly suppressed than the ground states and the level of the suppression changes with the centrality of the collision. We show that the measured patterns can be reproduced by a simple model, where all quarkonia are treated in a unified way, starting from the recent realisation that, in pp collisions, the probability of quarkonium formation has a universal dependence on the binding-energy of the bound state. The hot-medium suppression effect is parametrized by a penalty factor in the binding energy, identical for all (S- and P-wave) charmonium and bottomonium states, including those that indirectly contribute to the measured results through feed-down decays. This single parameter, computed through a global fit of all available suppression patterns, fully determines the hierarchy of nuclear effects, for all states and centrality bins. The resulting faithful description of the data provides convincing evidence in favour of the conjecture of sequential quarkonium suppression induced by QGP formation."
"Physical limits on the equation-of-state (EoS) parameter of a dark energy component non-minimally coupled with the dark matter field are examined in light of the second law of thermodynamics and the positiveness of entropy. Such constraints are combined with observational data sets of type Ia supernovae, baryon acoustic oscillations and the angular acoustic scale of the cosmic microwave background to impose restrictions on the behaviour of the dark matter/dark energy interaction. Considering two EoS parameterisations of the type , we derive a general expression for the evolution of the dark energy density and show that the combination of thermodynamic limits and observational data provide tight bounds on the parameter space."
"In this paper, potential of the LHC to explore the phenomenology of the Randall–Sundrum-like scenario with the small curvature for the process through the subprocess is examined for two forward detector acceptances, and . This process is known to be one of the most clean channels. The sensitivity bounds on the anomalous model parameters have been found at the confidence level for various LHC integrated luminosity values."
"We consider a generalized uncertainty principle (GUP) corresponding to a deformation of the fundamental commutator obtained by adding a term quadratic in the momentum. From this GUP, we compute corrections to the Unruh effect and related Unruh temperature, by first following a heuristic derivation, and then a more standard field theoretic calculation. In the limit of small deformations, we recover the thermal character of the Unruh radiation. Corrections to the temperature at first order in the deforming parameter are compared for the two approaches, and found to be in agreement as for the dependence on the cubic power of the acceleration of the reference frame. The dependence of the shifted temperature on the frequency is also pointed out and discussed."
"We discuss the differences between several partial-wave analysis formalisms used in the construction of three-body decay amplitudes involving fermions. Specifically, we consider the decay , where the hidden charm pentaquark signal has been reported. We analyze the analytical properties of the amplitudes and separate kinematical and dynamical singularities. The result is an amplitude with the minimal energy dependence compatible with the &lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt;-matrix principles."
"We investigate a beyond standard model (SM) portal scenario for dark matter (DM) particle with leptoquark being the mediator field. Leptoquark, a colored particle having both baryon and lepton number, allows the DM to interact with the SM fields via renormalizable interaction. By focusing on a vector leptoquark portal with Majorana fermion DM candidate, we find the only unknown coupling in the model is sensitive to all three main features of a DM model namely, relic density, direct detection as well as indirect detection, while being consistent with collider data. We explore the parameter space of the portal with minimum of its field content and find that AMS-02 data for antiproton flux imposes stringent bound till date and excludes the DM mass up to GeV. The LUX 2016 data for DM-neutron scattering cross section allows the region compatible with relic density, however the future sensitivity of LUX-ZEPLIN experiment can probe the model up to its perturbative limit."
"It is often stated in the physics literature that maximally-spinning Kerr black-hole spacetimes are characterized by near-horizon co-rotating circular geodesics of radius with the property , where is the horizon radius of the extremal black hole. Based on the famous Thorne hoop conjecture, in the present compact paper we provide evidence for the existence of a non-trivial lower bound on the radii of circular orbits in the extremal Kerr black-hole spacetime, where is the dimensionless mass ratio which characterizes the composed black-hole-orbiting-particle system."
"A light pseudo-scalar that is copiously produced at the LHC may still be allowed by present searches. While masses above 65 GeV are effectively covered by di-photon searches, the lower mass window can be tested by a new search for boosted di-tau resonances. We test this strategy on a set of composite Higgs models with top partial compositeness, where most models can be probed with an integrated luminosity below 300 ."
"Gravitational waves are investigated in Intrinsic Time Geometrodynamics. This theory has a non-vanishing physical Hamiltonian generating intrinsic time development in our expanding universe, and four-covariance is explicitly broken by higher spatial curvature terms. Linearization of Hamilton’s equations about the de Sitter solution produces transverse traceless excitations, with the physics of gravitational waves in Einstein’s General Relativity recovered in the low curvature low frequency limit. A noteworthy feature of this theory is that gravitational waves always carry positive energy &lt;i&gt;density&lt;i/&gt;, even for compact spatial slicings without any energy contribution from boundary Hamiltonian. This study of gravitational waves in compact cosmological de Sitter spacetime is in contradistinction to, and complements, previous investigations of Hawking, Hertog and Turok and other more familiar works. In addition, possible non-four-covariant Horava gravity contributions are considered (hence the use of canonical Hamiltonian, rather than Lagrangian, methods). Recent explicit transverse-traceless mode spectrum of Lindblom, Taylor and Zhang are also employed to complete the discussion."
"The masses of the and resonances lie below the &lt;i&gt;DK&lt;i/&gt; and thresholds respectively, which contradicts the predictions of naive quark models and points out to non-negligible effects of the loops in the dynamics of the even-parity scalar () and axial-vector () systems. Recent lattice QCD studies, incorporating the effects of the channels, analyzed these spin-parity sectors and correctly described the mass splitting. Motivated by such works, we study the structure of the and resonances in the framework of an effective field theory consistent with heavy quark spin symmetry, and that incorporates the interplay between meson–meson degrees of freedom and bare P-wave states predicted by constituent quark models. We extend the scheme to finite volumes and fit the strength of the coupling between both types of degrees of freedom to the available lattice levels, which we successfully describe. We finally estimate the size of the two-meson components in the and resonances, and we conclude that these states have a predominantly hadronic-molecular structure, and that it should not be tried to accommodate these mesons within constituent quark model patterns."
"In this paper, we investigate propagation of axial gravitational waves in the background of flat FRW universe in &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) theory. The field equations are obtained for unperturbed as well as axially perturbed FRW metric. These field equations are solved simultaneously to obtain the unknown perturbation parameters. We find that the assumed perturbations can affect matter as well as four velocity. Moreover, ignoring the material perturbations we explicitly obtain an expression for four velocity. It is concluded that axial gravitational waves in the curvature-matter coupling background can produce cosmological rotation or have memory effect if the wave profile has discontinuity at the wave front."
"Charged particle beams can be manipulated by exploiting the channeling phenomenon in bent crystals. Two plate-like crystals, bent by mechanical holders, were manufactured and characterised for such purpose at the Sensor and Semiconductor Laboratory in Ferrara, Italy. An anticlastic curvature was obtained for these crystals, achieving a steering angle of the order of 1 mrad, which is about 20 times larger than the values currently achieved for the bent crystals used in the LHC for collimation experiments. Finally, a Geant4 simulation was performed to study the channeling efficiency for beam deflection with 400 GeV/c and 7 TeV/c proton beams. Such crystals represent technological progress in the development of bent crystals for highly energetic charged particle beams. Indeed, they are designed to impart an angular kick to a 7 TeV/c proton beam with unprecedented high efficiency. Therefore, this study demonstrates the possibility of realizing bent crystals suitable for beam extraction in high-energy hadron accelerators, such as LHC or at the future FCC. A further series of studies should be conducted to evaluate the channeling efficiency and the deflection angle of the realized crystals via a charged proton beam."
"Motivated by the crucial role played by the discrete flavor symmetry groups in explaining the observed neutrino oscillation data, we consider the realization of linear seesaw by extending the standard model (SM) particle content with two types of right-handed (RH) neutrinos along with the flavon fields, and the SM symmetry with and a global symmetry , which is broken explicitly by the Higgs potential. We scrutinize this model to see if it can explain the recent results from neutrino oscillation experiments, by searching for parameter space that can accommodate the observables such as the reactor mixing angle , the CP violating phase , sum of active neutrino masses , solar and atmospheric mass-squared differences, and the lepton number violating parameter called the effective Majorana mass parameter, in line with recent experimental results. We also discuss the scope of this model to explain the baryon asymmetry of the Universe through leptogenesis. We also investigate the possibility of probing the non-unitarity effect in this scenario, but it is found to be rather small."
"We propose a supersymmetrisation of the cosmological constant in ordinary supergravity that breaks supersymmetry spontaneously by a constant Fayet-Iliopoulos (FI) term associated to a &lt;i&gt;U&lt;i/&gt;(1) symmetry. This term is a variation of a new gauge invariant FI term proposed recently, which is invariant under Kähler transformations and can be written even for a gauged R-symmetry on top of the standard FI contribution. The two terms are the same in the absence of matter but differ in its presence. The proposed term is reduced to a constant FI-term up to fermion interactions that disappear in the unitary gauge in the absence of any F-term supersymmetry breaking. The constant FI term leads to a positive cosmological constant, uplifting the vacuum energy from the usual anti-de Sitter supergravity to any higher value."
"Present experimental and astrophysical limits do not exclude that the neutron (&lt;i&gt;n&lt;i/&gt;) oscillation into mirror neutron (), a sterile state exactly degenerate in mass with the neutron, can be a very fast process, in fact faster than the neutron decay itself, in which case it would have very interesting implications in cosmology and astrophysics. This process is sensitive to the magnetic field. Namely, if the mirror magnetic field exists at the Earth, oscillation probability can be suppressed or resonantly amplified by the applied magnetic field , depending on its strength and on the angle between and . We present the results of ultra-cold neutron storage measurements aiming to check the anomalies observed in previous experiments which could be a signal for oscillation in the presence of mirror magnetic field  G. From the analysis of the experimental data new lower limits on oscillation time as a function of were obtained, assuming that the mirror magnetic field is constant in time:  s (95 % C.L.) for any between 0.08 and 0.17 G, and  s (95 % C.L.) for any in the interval () G."
"Growing evidence as the observations of the CMB (cosmic microwave background), galaxy clustering and high-redshift supernovae address a stable dynamically universe dominated by the dark components. In this paper, using a qualitative theory of dynamical systems, we study the stability of a unified dark matter-dark energy framework known as quartessence Chaplygin model (QCM) with three different equation-of-states within ultraviolet (UV) deformed Friedmann–Robertson–Walker (FRW) cosmologies without Big-Bang singularity. The UV deformation is inspired by the non-commutative (NC) Snyder spacetime approach in which by keeping the transformation groups and rotational symmetry there is a dimensionless, Planck scale characteristic parameter with dual implications dependent on its sign that addresses the required invariant cutoffs for length and momentum in nature, in a separate manner. Our stability analysis is done in the phase space at a finite domain concerning the hyperbolic critical points. According to our analysis, due to constraints imposed on the signs of from the phenomenological parameters involved in quartessence models , for an expanding and accelerating late universe, all three QCMs can be stable in the vicinity of the critical points. The requirement of stability for these quartessence models in case of admission of a minimum invariant length, can yield a flat as well as non-flat expanding and accelerating universe in which Big-Bang singularity is absent. This feedback also phenomenologically credits to braneworld-like framework versus loop quantum cosmology-like one as two possible scenarios which can be NC Snyder spacetime generators (correspond to and , respectively). As a result, our analysis show that between quartessence models with Chaplygin gas equation-of-states and accelerating FRW backgrounds occupied by a minimum invariant length, there is a possibility of viability."
"We compute the top quark threshold contributions to the production at the LHC. They appear when the invariant mass of the photon pair, just exceeds two times the mass of the top quark and induce some feature in the distribution. We determine the magnitude of this threshold effect and characterize this feature with a simple empirical fitting function to show that it is possible to observe this effect at the LHC in future. We also explore some possible improvements that may enhance its significance."
"The rare decays and are important to research new physics beyond the standard model (SM). In this work, we investigate two loop electroweak corrections to and in the minimal supersymmetric extension of the SM with local gauge symmetry (B-LSSM), under a minimal flavor violating assumption for the soft breaking terms. In this framework, new particles and new definition of squarks can affect the theoretical predictions of these two processes, with respect to the MSSM. Considering the constraints from updated experimental data, the numerical results show that the B-LSSM can fit the experimental data for the branching ratios of and . The results of the rare decays also further constrain the parameter space of the B-LSSM."
"In the original version of this article, some corrections had not been implemented."
"Bouncing cosmologies are obtained by adding to the Einstein–Hilbert action a term of the form , with a scalar depending on the Hubble parameter only, not on its derivatives, and which is here shown to arise from the divergence of the unitary time-like eigenvector of the stress tensor. At background level, the dynamical equations for a given &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;-theory are calculated, showing that the simplest bouncing cosmology resulting leads to exactly the same equations as those for holonomy corrected Loop Quantum Cosmology (LQC). When dealing with perturbations, the equation for tensor ones is the same as in General Relativity (GR); for scalar perturbations, when one uses the &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;-theory which leads to the same background as the standard version of holonomy corrected LQC, one obtains similar equations (although a bit more elaborated) as those coming from LQC in the so-called &lt;i&gt;deformed algebra approach&lt;i/&gt;."
"We show how the necessary constraints to project out all the components of a chiral superfield except for some scalar degrees of freedom originate from simple operators in the microscopic theory. This is in particular useful in constructing the simplest models of a goldstone boson/inflaton; or extracting the Standard Model Higgs doublet from a supersymmetric electroweak sector. We use the Fayet–Iliopoulos model as an example of the origin for the supersymmetry breaking. We consider the regime where both gauge symmetry and supersymmetry are spontaneously broken, leaving (in the decoupling limit) the goldstino as the only light mode in this sector. We show in three different ways, both in components and in superspace language, how the nilpotent goldstino superfield emerges. We then use it to write different effective operators and extract some of the consequences for the low energy spectrum."
"Among the various possibilities to probe the theory behind the recent accelerated expansion of the universe, the energy conditions (ECs) are of particular interest, since it is possible to confront and constrain different theories of gravity with observational data. In this context, we use the ECs to probe any alternative theory of gravity whose extra term acts as a cosmological constant. For this purpose, we apply a model-independent approach to reconstruct the recent expansion of the universe. Using Type Ia supernova, baryon acoustic oscillations and cosmic-chronometer data, we perform a Markov Chain Monte Carlo analysis to put constraints on the effective cosmological constant . In addition, we find out that about 30% of the posterior distribution is incompatible with a cosmological constant, showing that this method can potentially rule it out as a mechanism for the accelerated expansion. We also study the consequence of these constraints for two particular formulations of the massive gravity in a scenario where both theories mimic General Relativity with a cosmological constant. Using the observational bounds along with the upper bounds on the graviton mass we obtain constraints on the parameter spaces of both theories."
"The current status of our knowledge of the 3-neutrino mixing parameters and of the CP violation in the lepton sector is summarised. The non-Abelian discrete symmetry approach to understanding the observed pattern of neutrino mixing and the related predictions for neutrino mixing angles and leptonic Dirac CP violation are reviewed. Possible tests of these predictions using the existing data on neutrino mixing angles as well as prospective data from current and future neutrino oscillation experiments (T2K, NOA, Daya Bay, T2HK, T2HKK, DUNE) are also discussed."
"A measurement is presented of the cross section in collisions at , using data recorded by the CMS experiment at the LHC, corresponding to an integrated luminosity of . The product of the inclusive cross section and branching fraction is measured to be , in agreement with the standard model expectation, computed at next-to-next-to-leading order accuracy in perturbative quantum chromodynamics. The measurement is used to validate new analysis techniques relevant for future measurements of lepton production. The measurement also provides the reconstruction efficiency and energy scale for decays to hadrons final states, determined with respective relative uncertainties of 2.2 and 0.9%."
"A search for pair production of heavy scalar leptoquarks (LQs), each decaying into a top quark and a lepton, is presented. The search considers final states with an electron or a muon, one or two leptons that decayed to hadrons, and additional jets. The data were collected in 2016 in proton–proton collisions at with the CMS detector at the LHC, and correspond to an integrated luminosity of 35.9. No evidence for pair production of LQs is found. Assuming a branching fraction of unity for the decay , upper limits on the production cross section are set as a function of LQ mass, excluding masses below 900 at 95% confidence level. These results provide the most stringent limits to date on the production of scalar LQs that decay to a top quark and a lepton."
"Using the Tsallis generalized entropy, holographic hypothesis and also considering the Hubble horizon as the IR cutoff, we build a holographic model for dark energy and study its cosmological consequences in the Brans–Dicke framework. At first, we focus on a non-interacting universe, and thereinafter, we study the results of considering a sign-changeable interaction between the dark sectors of the cosmos. Our investigations show that, compared with the flat case, the power and freedom of the model in describing the cosmic evolution is significantly increased in the presence of the curvature. The stability analysis also indicates that, independent of the universe curvature, both the interacting and non-interacting cases are classically unstable. In fact, both the classical stability criterion and an acceptable behavior for the cosmos quantities, including the deceleration and density parameters as well as the equation of state, are not simultaneously obtainable."
"Viability of the super inflation scenario is discussed in &lt;i&gt;F&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) modified teleparallel gravity. We calculate the power spectrum of the primordial curvature and tensor perturbations, and we derive two important parameters corresponding to these perturbations, i.e., spectral index parameter and scalar-to-tensor ratio &lt;i&gt;r&lt;i/&gt;. We observe that the super inflation scenario provides a nearly scale invariant power spectrum of scalar and tensor perturbations in the observational bounds of and &lt;i&gt;r&lt;i/&gt;, according to choosing the proper values interval of the power-term of the scale factor, ."
"The freeze-out of massless particles is investigated. The effects due to quantum statistics, Fermi-Dirac or Bose-Einstein, of all particles relevant for the process are analyzed. Solutions of appropriate Boltzmann equation are compared with those obtained using some popular approximate methods. As an application of general results the relic density of dark radiation in Weinberg’s Higgs portal model is discussed."
"Axions, originally proposed to solve the strong CP problem of quantum chromodynamics, emerge now as leading candidates of WISP dark matter. The rich phenomenology associated to the light and stable QCD axion can be described as an effective magnetic field that can be experimentally investigated. For the QUAX experiment, dark matter axions are searched by means of their resonant interactions with electronic spins in a magnetized sample. In principle, axion-induced magnetization changes can be detected by embedding a sample in an rf cavity in a static magnetic field. In this work we describe the operation of a prototype ferromagnetic haloscope, with a sensitivity limited by thermal fluctuations and receiver noise. With a preliminary dark matter search, we are able to set an upper limit on the coupling constant of DFSZ axions to electrons at 95% C.L. for a mass of eV (i. e. 14 GHz). This is the first experimental result with an apparatus exploiting the coupling between cosmological axions and electrons."
"We compute double and triple inclusive gluon production in p-A scattering beyond the so-called “glasma graph” approximation. We consider quantum interference effects and identify in this general setup the terms responsible for the gluon HBT and initial wave function Bose enhancement which lead to correlations in particle production. Both of these terms originate from the factorizable part of the quadrupole and sextupole terms in the production cross section. We also show that the target Bose enhancement in this regime is suppressed at large number of colors."
"A measurement is presented of the effective leptonic weak mixing angle () using the forward–backward asymmetry of Drell–Yan lepton pairs ( and ) produced in proton–proton collisions at at the CMS experiment of the LHC. The data correspond to integrated luminosities of 18.8 and in the dimuon and dielectron channels, respectively, containing 8.2 million dimuon and 4.9 million dielectron events. With more events and new analysis techniques, including constraints obtained on the parton distribution functions from the measured forward–backward asymmetry, the statistical and systematic uncertainties are significantly reduced relative to previous CMS measurements. The extracted value of from the combined dilepton data is ."
"We analyze the isothermal property in static fluid spheres within the framework of the modified &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) theory of gravitation. The equation of pressure isotropy of the standard Einstein theory is preserved however, the energy density and pressure are expressed in terms of both gravitational potentials. Invoking the isothermal prescription requires that the isotropy condition assumes the role of a consistency condition and an exact model generalizing that of general relativity is found. Moreover it is found that the Einstein model is unstable and acausal while the &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) counterpart is well behaved on account of the freedom available through an additional coupling constant. The case of a constant spatial gravitational potential is considered and the complete model is determined. This model is markedly different from its Einstein counterpart which is known to be isothermal. Dropping the restriction on the density and imposing a linear barotropic equation of state generates an exact solution and consequently a stellar distribution as the vanishing of the pressure is possible and a boundary hypersurface exists. Finally we comment on the case of relaxing the equation of state but demanding an inverse square fall-off of the density – this case proves intractable."
"In this paper we develop the DGLAP evolution for the system of produced gluons in the process of diffractive production in DIS, directly from the evolution equation in Color Glass Condensate approach. We are able to describe the available experimental data with small value of the QCD coupling (). We conclude that in diffractive production, we have a dilute system of emitted gluons and in the order to describe them, we need to develop the next-to-leading order approach in perturbative QCD."
"We investigate the electromagnetic properties of possible charm-strange pentaquarks in the framework of the light-cone QCD sum rule using the photon distribution amplitudes. In particular, by calculating the corresponding electromagnetic form factors defining the radiative transitions under consideration we estimate the magnetic dipole and electric quadrupole moments of the pentaquark systems of a charm, an anti-strange and three light quarks. We observe that the values of magnetic dipole moments are considerably large, however, the quadrupole moments are very small. Any future measurements of the electromagnetic parameters under consideration and comparison of the obtained data with the theoretical predictions can shed light on the quark–gluon organization as well as the nature of the pentaquarks."
"Pseudorapidity, transverse momentum, and multiplicity distributions are measured in the pseudorapidity range for charged particles with transverse momenta satisfying in proton–proton collisions at a center-of-mass energy of . Measurements are presented in three different event categories. The most inclusive of the categories corresponds to an inelastic data set, while the other two categories are exclusive subsets of the inelastic sample that are either enhanced or depleted in single diffractive dissociation events. The measurements are compared to predictions from Monte Carlo event generators used to describe high-energy hadronic interactions in collider and cosmic-ray physics."
"In our recent paper (Das et al. in Phys Rev D 97:115023, 2018) we explored a prospect of discovering the heavy Majorana right-handed neutrinos (RHNs) at the future LHC in the context of the minimal non-exotic U(1) extended Standard Model (SM), where a pair of RHNs are created via decay of resonantly produced massive U(1) gauge boson (). We have pointed out that this model can yield a significant enhancement of the branching ratio of the boson to a pair of RHNs, which is crucial for discovering the RHNs under the very severe LHC Run-2 constraint from the search for the boson with dilepton final states. In this paper, we perform a general parameter scan to evaluate the maximum production rate of the same-sign dilepton final states (smoking gun signature of Majorana RHNs production) at the LHC, while reproducing the neutrino oscillation data. We also consider the minimal non-exotic U(1) model with an alternative charge assignment. In this case, we find a further enhancement of the branching ratio of the boson to a pair of RHNs compared to the conventional case, which opens up a possibility of discovering the RHNs even before the boson at the future LHC experiment."
"By analyzing all existing measurements for () decays, we find that the determinations of both the vector form factor and scalar form factor for semileptonic decays from these measurements are feasible. By taking the parameterization of the one order series expansion of the and , is determined to be , and the shape parameters of and are and , respectively. Combining with the average of and lattice calculaltion, the is extracted to be where the first error is experimental and the second theoretical. Alternatively, the is extracted to be by taking the as the value from the global fit with the unitarity constraint of the CKM matrix. Moreover, using the obtained form factors by lattice QCD, we re-analyze these measurements in the context of new physics. Constraints on scalar leptoquarks are obtained for different final states of semileptonic decays."
"We obtain the deflection angle for a boosted Kerr black hole in the weak field approximation. We also study the behavior of light in the presence of plasma by considering different distributions: singular isothermal sphere, non-singular isothermal gas sphere, and plasma in a galaxy cluster. We find that the dragging of the inertial system along with the boosted parameter affect the value of the deflection angle. As an application, we studied the magnification for both uniform and &lt;i&gt;SIS&lt;i/&gt; distributions."
"The exclusive , and photoproduction in fixed-target collisions at the LHC is investigated. We estimate, for the first time, the rapidity and transverse momentum distributions of the vector meson photoproduction in &lt;i&gt;pHe&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;pAr&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;PbHe&lt;i/&gt; and &lt;i&gt;PbAr&lt;i/&gt; fixed-target collisions at the LHC using the STARlight Monte Carlo and present our results for the total cross sections. Predictions for the kinematical range probed by the LHCb detector are also presented. Our results indicate that the experimental analysis of this process in fixed-target collisions at the LHC is feasible. Such future analysis will probe the QCD dynamics in a kinematical range complementary to that studied in the collider mode."
"Current constraints on Einstein’s weak equivalence principle (WEP) utilize the observed time delay between correlated particles of astronomical sources. However, the intrinsic time delay due to particle emission time and the time delays caused by potential Lorentz-invariance violation and non-zero rest mass of photons were simply omitted in previous studies. Here we propose a robust method to test WEP using strongly lensed cosmic transients, which can naturally overcome these time delays. This can be achieved by comparing the time delays between lensed images seen in different energy bands or in gravitational waves (GWs) and their electromagnetic (EM) counterparts. The power of our method mainly depends on the timing accuracy of cosmic transient and the strong lensing time delay. If the time delay of cosmic transient can be measured with accuracy about 0.1 s (e.g. gamma-ray bursts), we show that the upper limit on the differences of the parameterized post-Newtonian parameter value is with a one-month strong lensing time delay event. This accuracy of WEP can be improved by several orders, if the lens is galaxy cluster and the strongly lensed cosmic transients have much shorter duration, such as fast radio bursts."
"We show that the complex dynamics of the general Bianchi IX universe in the vicinity of the spacelike singularity can be approximated by a simplified system of equations. Our analysis is mainly based on numerical simulations. The properties of the solution space can be studied by using this simplified dynamics. Our results will be useful for the quantization of the general Bianchi IX model."
"We introduce the Einstein–Yang–Mills AdS black brane solution in context of massive gravity. The ratio of shear viscosity to entropy density is calculated for this solution. This value violates the KSS bound if we apply the Dirichlet boundary and regularity on the horizon conditions."
"We present the calculation of the light neutral CP-even Higgs mass in the MSSM for a heavy SUSY spectrum by resumming enhanced terms through fourth logarithmic order (NLL), keeping terms of leading order in the top Yukawa coupling , and NNLO in the strong coupling . To this goal, the three-loop matching coefficient for the quartic Higgs coupling of the SM to the MSSM is derived to order by comparing the perturbative EFT to the fixed-order expression for the Higgs mass. The new matching coefficient is made available through an updated version of the program Himalaya. Numerical effects of the higher-order resummation are studied using specific examples, and sources of theoretical uncertainty on this result are discussed."
"In this paper, we investigate the Higgs Triplet Model with hypercharge (HTM0), an extension of the Standard model, caracterized by a more involved scalar spectrum consisting of two CP even Higgs and two charged Higgs bosons . We first show that the parameter space of HTM0, usually delimited by combined constraints originating from unitarity and BFB as well as experimental limits from LEP and LHC, is severely reduced when the modified Veltman conditions at one loop are also imposed. Then, we perform an rigorous analysis of Higgs decays either when is the SM-like or when the heaviest neutral Higgs is identified to the observed 125 GeV Higgs boson at LHC. In these scenarios, we perform an extensive parameter scan, in the lower part of the scalar mass spectrum, with a particular focus on the Higgs to Higgs decay modes leading predominantly to invisible Higgs decays. Finally, we also study the scenario where are mass degenerate. We thus find that consistency with LHC signal strengths favours a light charged Higgs with a mass about 176–178 GeV. Our analysis shows that the diphoton Higgs decay mode and are not always positively correlated as claimed in a previous study. Anti-correlation is rather seen in the scenario where &lt;i&gt;h&lt;i/&gt; is SM like, while correlation is sensitive to the sign of the potential parameter when &lt;i&gt;H&lt;i/&gt; is identified to 125 GeV observed Higgs."
"The technicolor (TC) Schwinger–Dyson equations (SDE) should include radiative corrections induced by extended technicolor (ETC) interactions when TC is embedded into a larger theory including also QCD. These radiative corrections couple the different strongly interacting Dyson equations. We discuss how the boundary conditions of the coupled SDE system are modified by these corrections, and verify that the ultraviolet behavior of the self-energies are described by a function that decreases logarithmically with momentum."
"We present the exact anyon solutions and study their energy conditions. It is shown that the exact anyon VdW solutions with are physically un-acceptable. Especially for the reduced case , after carefully studying its energy conditions, geometric quantities and horizon structure, we conclude that there is an anyon black hole taking the precisely same thermodynamical phase space with the gas of “interacting point particle” (IPP), which should exhibit a quasi Fermi–Dirac statistics and have an upper bound of mass. The anyon IPP black hole can contain 1 or 2 horizons. This is the first physical VdW-like black hole solution in the global spacetime. Moreover, there exist the Hawking-Page phase transition between the anyon IPP black holes and the pure thermal radiation phase."
"High-mass diffractive production of protons on the deuteron target is studied in the next-to-leading order (NLO) of the perturbative QCD in the BFKL approach. The non-trivial part of the NLO contributions coming from the triple interactions of the exchanged reggeons is considered. Analytic formulas are presented and shown to be infrared free and so are ready for practical calculation."
"The recent study of the strong gravitational lens ESO 325-G004 (Collett et al., Science, 360:1342, 2018) leads to a new possibility for testing General Relativity and its extensions. Such gravity lens observational studies can be instrumental for establishing a limitation on the precision of testing General Relativity in the weak-field regime and on the two gravity constants (the Newtonian and cosmological ones) as described in Gurzadyan and Stepanian (Eur Phys J C 78:632 2018). Namely, we predict a critical value for the involved weak-field parameter (for lens mass and light impact distance), which remarkably does not depend on any hypothetical variable but is determined only by well measured quantities. If the critical parameter will be established at future observations, this will mark the first discrepancy with General Relativity of the conventional weak-field Newtonian limit, directly linked to the nature of the dark sector of the Universe."
"The aim of this paper is to analyze the nature of anisotropic spherically symmetric relativistic star models in the framework of &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity. To discuss the features of compact stars, we consider that in the interior of the stellar system, the fluid distribution is influenced by MIT bag model equation of state. We construct the field equations by employing Krori–Barua solutions and obtain the values of unknown constants with the help of observational data of Her X-1, SAX J 1808.4-3658, RXJ 1856-37 and 4U1820-30 star models. For a viable &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;, &lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) model, we study the behavior of energy density, transverse as well as radial pressure and anisotropic factor in the interior of these stars for a specific value of the bag constant. We check the physical viability of our proposed model and stability of stellar structure through energy conditions, causality condition and adiabatic index. It is concluded that our model satisfies the stability criteria as well as other physical requirements, and the value of bag constant is in well agreement with the experimental value which highlights the viability of our considered model."
"The MiniBooNE collaboration recently reported further evidence for the existence of sterile neutrinos, implying substantial mixing with the left-handed active neutrinos and at a comparable mass scale. I argue that while sterile neutrinos may arise naturally in large volume string models, they prove more of a challenge in heterotic-string models that replicate the Grand Unified Theory structure of the Standard Model matter states. Sterile neutrinos in heterotic-string models may imply the existence of an additional Abelian gauge symmetry of order 10–100 TeV."
"We show that families of nonlinear gravity theories formulated in a metric-affine approach and coupled to a nonlinear theory of electrodynamics can be mapped into general relativity (GR) coupled to another nonlinear theory of electrodynamics. This allows to generate solutions of the former from those of the latter using purely algebraic transformations. This correspondence is explicitly illustrated with the Eddington-inspired Born–Infeld theory of gravity, for which we consider a family of nonlinear electrodynamics and show that, under the map, preserve their algebraic structure. For the particular case of Maxwell electrodynamics coupled to Born–Infeld gravity we find, via this correspondence, a Born–Infeld-type nonlinear electrodynamics on the GR side. Solving the spherically symmetric electrovacuum case for the latter, we show how the map provides directly the right solutions for the former. This procedure opens a new door to explore astrophysical and cosmological scenarios in nonlinear gravity theories by exploiting the full power of the analytical and numerical methods developed within the framework of GR."
"The model of holographic dark energy in which dark energy interacts with dark matter is investigated in this paper. In particular, we consider the interacting holographic dark energy model in the context of a perturbed universe, which was never investigated in the literature. To avoid the large-scale instability problem in the interacting dark energy cosmology, we employ the generalized version of the parameterized post-Friedmann approach to treating the dark energy perturbations in the model. We use the current observational data to constrain the model. Since the cosmological perturbations are considered in the model, we can then employ the redshift-space distortions (RSD) measurements to constrain the model, in addition to the use of the measurements of expansion history, which has never been done in the literature. We find that, for both the cases with and with , the interacting holographic dark energy model is more favored by the current data, compared to the holographic dark energy model without interaction. It is also found that, with the help of the RSD data, a positive coupling can be detected at the statistical significance for the case of ."
"We present an extensive analysis of a model in which the (Majorana) Dark Matter candidate is a mixture between a SU(2) singlet and two SU(2) doublets. This kind of setup takes the name of singlet-doublet model. We will investigate in detail an extension of this model in which the Dark Matter sector interactions with a 2-doublet Higgs sector enforcing the complementarity between Dark Matter phenomenology and searches of extra Higgs bosons."
"The Planck data on cosmic microwave background indicates that the Starobinsky-type model with concave inflation potential is favored over the convex-type chaotic inflation. Is there any reason for that? Here we argue that if our universe began with a Euclidean wormhole, then the Starobinsky-type inflation is probabilistically favored. It is known that for a more generic choice of parameters than that originally assumed by Hartle and Hawking, the Hartle–Hawking wave function is dominated by Euclidean wormholes, which can be interpreted as the creation of two classical universes from nothing. We show that only one end of the wormhole can be classicalized for a convex potential, while both ends can be classicalized for a concave potential. The latter is therefore more probable."
"We study the accelerated expansion phase of the universe by using the &lt;i&gt;kinematic approach&lt;i/&gt;. In particular, the deceleration parameter &lt;i&gt;q&lt;i/&gt; is parametrized in a model-independent way. Considering a generalized parametrization for &lt;i&gt;q&lt;i/&gt;, we first obtain the jerk parameter &lt;i&gt;j&lt;i/&gt; (a dimensionless third time derivative of the scale factor) and then confront it with cosmic observations. We use the latest observational dataset of the Hubble parameter &lt;i&gt;H&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;) consisting of 41 data points in the redshift range of , larger than the redshift range that covered by the Type Ia supernova. We also acquire the current values of the deceleration parameter , jerk parameter and transition redshift (at which the expansion of the universe switches from being decelerated to accelerated) with errors ( confidence level). As a result, it is demonstrate that the universe is indeed undergoing an accelerated expansion phase following the decelerated one. This is consistent with the present observations. Moreover, we find the departure for the present model from the standard CDM model according to the evolution of &lt;i&gt;j&lt;i/&gt;. Furthermore, the evolution of the normalized Hubble parameter is shown for the present model and it is compared with the dataset of &lt;i&gt;H&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;z&lt;i/&gt;)."
"We investigate the decays of , and into plus a scalar or vector meson in a theoretical framework by taking into account the dominant process for the weak decay of meson into and a pair. After hadronization of this component into pairs of pseudoscalar mesons we obtain certain weights for the pseudoscalar meson-pseudoscalar meson components. In addition, the and decays into and , are evaluated and compared to the and production. The calculation is based on the postulation that the scalar mesons , and are dynamically generated states from the pseudoscalar meson-pseudoscalar meson interactions in &lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt;-wave. Up to a global normalization factor, the , and invariant mass distributions for the decays of , , , , , and are predicted. Comparison is made with the limited experimental information available and other theoretical calcualtions. Further comparison of these results with coming LHCb measurements will be very valuable to make progress in our understanding of the nature of the low lying scalar mesons, and ."
"We present a simple and complete classification of static solutions in the Einstein–Maxwell system with a massless scalar field in arbitrary dimensions. We consider spacetimes which correspond to a warped product , where is a -dimensional Einstein space. The scalar field is assumed to depend only on the radial coordinate and the electromagnetic field is purely electric. Suitable &lt;i&gt;Ansätze&lt;i/&gt; enable us to integrate the field equations in a general form and express the solutions in terms of elementary functions. The classification with a non-constant real scalar field consists of nine solutions for and three solutions for . A complete geometric analysis of the solutions is presented and the global mass and electric charge are determined for asymptotically flat configurations. There are two remarkable features for the solutions with : (i) Unlike the case with a vanishing electromagnetic field or constant scalar field, asymptotically flat solution is not unique, and (ii) The solutions can asymptotically approach the Bertotti–Robinson spacetime depending on the integrations constants. In accordance with the no-hair theorem, none of the solutions are endowed of a Killing horizon."
"We study the quark-mass dependence of decays, based on a dispersion-theoretical framework. We rely on the quark-mass-dependent scattering phase shift for the pion–pion &lt;i&gt;P&lt;i/&gt;-wave extracted from unitarized chiral perturbation theory. The dispersive representation then takes into account the final-state rescattering among all three pions. The described formalism may be used as an extrapolation tool for lattice QCD calculations of three-pion decays, for which can serve as a paradigm case."
"We study the propagation of a probe massless nonminimally coupled scalar field in a fixed gravitational background of a cloud of strings in (2 + 1) dimensions. We obtain exact analytical expressions for the reflection coefficient, the absorption cross section, the decay rate as well as the quasinormal frequencies. The impact of the nonminimal coupling is investigated in detail. Our results show that universality is not respected in general, and that scalar perturbations are stable."
"We look into the newly observed state from the molecular perspective in which the resonance is generated from the , and channels. We find that this picture provides a natural explanation of the properties of the state. We stress that the molecular nature of the resonance is revealed with a large coupling of the to the channel, that can be observed in the decay which is incorporated automatically in our chiral unitary approach via the use of the spectral function of in the evaluation of the loop function."
"We investigate the gauge/gravity duality between the mass-deformed ABJM theory with gauge symmetry and the 11-dimensional supergravity on LLM geometries with SO(2,1)SO(4)/ SO(4)/ isometry, in terms of a KK holography, which involves quadratic order field redefinitions. We establish the quadratic order KK mappings for various gauge invariant fields in order to obtain the canonical 4-dimensional gravity equations of motion and to reduce the LLM solutions to an asymptotically AdS gravity solutions. The non-linearity of the KK maps indicates that we can observe the true purpose of the non-linear KK holography of the LLM solutions. We read the vacuum expectation value of conformal dimension two operator from the asymptotically AdS gravity solutions. For the LLM solutions which are represented by square-shaped Young diagrams, we compare the vacuum expectation value obtained from the holographic procedure with the result obtained from the field theory, which is given by , where is independent of &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt;. Based on this result, we examine the gauge/gravity duality in the large &lt;i&gt;N&lt;i/&gt; limit and finite &lt;i&gt;k&lt;i/&gt;. We also show that the vacuum expectation values of the massive KK graviton modes are vanishing as expected by the supersymmetry."
"We study the evolution of thick domain walls in the different models of cosmological inflation, in the matter-dominated and radiation-dominated universe, or more generally in the universe with the equation of state . We have found that the domain wall evolution crucially depends on the time-dependent parameter , where &lt;i&gt;H&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;t&lt;i/&gt;) is the Hubble parameter and is the thickness of the wall in flat space-time. For the physical thickness of the wall, , tends with time to , which is microscopically small. Otherwise, when , the wall steadily expands and can grow up to a cosmologically large size."
"It has recently been demonstrated that given a generic solution, the Classical Yang–Baxter Equation (CYBE) emerges from supergravity via the open-closed string map, thus providing tangible evidence for the conjectured equivalence between supergravity equations of motion and the homogeneous CYBE. To date, study of this equivalence has largely been confined to the NS sector. In this work, we make two extensions. First, we revisit the transformation of the RR sector and clarify its precise role in the emergence of the CYBE. Secondly, we identify direct products of coset geometries as the only setting where the transformation permits embeddings of the modified CYBE. We illustrate our solution generating technique with deformations of , where (&lt;i&gt;K&lt;i/&gt;3) and , and explicitly construct one and two-parameter integrable q-deformations that are solutions to generalised supergravity."
"The motion of massless particles on the background of a toroidal topological black hole is analyzed in the context of conformal Weyl gravity. Null geodesics, in terms of the Jacobi elliptic functions, are found analytically. In addition, the Sagnac effect in this space-time is characterized, and we find a strong condition in the theory’s parameters that is required for its existence."
"We study the probability that a horizon appears when concentric shells of matter collide, by computing the horizon wave-function of the system. We mostly consider the collision of two ultra-relativistic shells, both shrinking and expanding, at the moment their radii are equal, and find a probability that the system is a black hole which is in qualitative agreement with what one would expect according to the hoop conjecture and the uncertainty principle of quantum physics, and parallels the results obtained for simpler sources. One new feature however emerges, in that this probability shows a modulation with the momenta of the shells and the radius at which the shells collide, as a manifestation of quantum mechanical interference. Finally, we also consider the case of one light shell collapsing into a larger central mass."
"We find new exact analytical solutions in three-dimensional gravity applying the Minimal Geometric Deformation approach in a cloud of strings."
"In this paper, we investigate the complexity factor for static cylindrical configuration with anisotropic fluid distribution. We establish field equations, Tolman–Opphenheimer–Volkoff equation, and mass function. We also evaluate structure scalars using orthogonal splitting of the Riemann tensor which leads to the complexity factor. Finally, we deduce some results about stellar objects for vanishing complexity condition."
"The present work deals with evolution of the fractal model of the universe in the background of homogeneous and isotropic FLRW space-time geometry. The cosmic substrum is taken as perfect fluid with barotropic equation of state. A general prescription for the deceleration parameter is determined and it is examined whether the deceleration parameter may have more than one transition during the evolution of the fractal universe for monomial form of the fractal function as a function of the scale factor. Finally, the model has been examined by making comparison with the observed data."
"Measurements made recently with the PAMELA satellite during a period of 8 years have shown with good evidence that a fraction of the cosmic rays detected on Earth comes from Jupiter. This result draws attention to the idea that magnetospheres of astrophysical objects could contribute to the sources of cosmic rays. In this paper we extend our analysis of the cosmic rays measurements made with PAMELA finding further evidence that the cosmic ray fluxes are larger on average when the Earth orbit intersects the lines of the measured interplanetary magnetic field connecting Jupiter with Earth. This effect shows up with more than ten standard deviations, difficult to explain without the idea that part of the cosmic ray protons comes directly from the Jupiter magnetosphere."
"Previous studies have shown that weighted angular moments derived from jet constituents encode the colour connections between partons that seed the jets. This paper presents measurements of two such distributions, the jet-pull angle and jet-pull magnitude, both of which are derived from the jet-pull angular moment. The measurement is performed in events with one leptonically decaying &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; boson and one hadronically decaying &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; boson, using of &lt;i&gt;pp&lt;i/&gt; collision data recorded by the ATLAS detector at delivered by the Large Hadron Collider. The observables are measured for two dijet systems, corresponding to the colour-connected daughters of the &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; boson and the two &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-jets from the top-quark decays, which are not expected to be colour connected. To allow the comparison of the measured distributions to colour model predictions, the measured distributions are unfolded to particle level, after correcting for experimental effects introduced by the detector. While good agreement can be found for some combinations of predictions and observables, none of the predictions describes the data well across all observables."
"We calculate the one-, two- and three-particle energy levels for different lattice volumes in the complex theory on the lattice. We argue that the exponentially suppressed finite-volume corrections for the two- and three-particle energy shifts can be reduced significantly by using the single particle mass, which includes the finite-size effects. We show numerically that, for a set of bare parameters, corresponding to the weak repulsive interaction, one can reliably extract the two- and three-particle energy shifts. From those, we extract the scattering length, the effective range and the effective three-body coupling. We show that the parameters, extracted from the two- and three-particle energy shifts, are consistent. Moreover, the effective three-body coupling is significantly different from zero."
"Within the QCD factorization approach, we study the &lt;i&gt;CP&lt;i/&gt; violations in and decays. We find the experimental data of the localized &lt;i&gt;CP&lt;i/&gt; asymmetry in decays in the region and can be explained by the interference of two intermediate resonances, and when the parameters in our interference model are in the allowed ranges, i.e. the relative strong phase and the end-point divergence parameters and . With the obtained allowed ranges for and , we obtain the predictions for the &lt;i&gt;CP&lt;i/&gt; asymmetry parameter and the branching fraction for decay modes."
"We explore signatures related to squark decays in the framework of non-minimally flavour-violating supersymmetry. We consider a simplified model where the lightest squark consists of an admixture of charm and top flavour. By recasting the existing LHC searches for top and charm squarks, we show that the limits on squark masses from these analyses are significantly weakened when the top-charm mixing is sizeable. We propose a dedicated search for squarks based on the final state which enhances the experimental sensitivity for the case of high mixing, and we map its expected reach for the forthcoming runs of the LHC. We emphasize the role of analyses requiring a jet tagged as produced by the fragmentation of a charm quark in understanding the squark mixing pattern, thus providing a novel handle on new physics. Our results show that, in order to achieve full coverage of the parameter space of supersymmetric models, it is necessary to extend current experimental search programmes with analyses specifically targeting the cases where the lightest top-partner is a mixed state."
"Recent interest on studying possible violations of the Equivalence Principle has led to the development of space satellite missions testing it for bodies moving on circular orbits around Earth. This experiment establishes that the validity of the equivalence principle is independent of the composition of bodies. However, the internal degrees of freedom of the bodies (such as spin) were not taken into account. In this work, it is shown exactly that the circular orbit motion of test bodies does present a departure from geodesic motion when spin effects are not negligible. Using a Lagrangian theory for spinning massive bodies, an exact solution for their circular motion is found showing that the non-geodesic behavior manifests through different tangential velocities of the test bodies, depending on the orientation of its spin with respect to the total angular momentum of the satellite. Besides, for circular orbits, spinning test bodies present no tangential acceleration. We estimate the difference of the two possible tangential velocities for the case of circular motion of spinning test bodies orbiting Earth."
"4-Derivative gravity provides a renormalizable theory of quantum gravity at the price of introducing a physical ghost, which could admit a sensible positive-energy quantization. To understand its physics, we compute ghost-mediated scatterings among matter particles at tree-level, finding a new power-like infra-red enhancement typical of 4-derivative theories, that we dub ‘ghostrahlung’. Super-Planckian scatterings get downgraded to Planckian by radiating hard gravitons and ghosts, which are weakly coupled and carry away the energy."
"Durgapal’s fifth isotropic solution describing spherically symmetric and static matter distribution is extended to an anisotropic scenario. To do so we employ the gravitational decoupling through the minimal geometric deformation scheme. This approach allows to split Einstein’s field equations in two simply set of equations, one corresponding to the isotropic sector and other to the anisotropic sector described by an extra gravitational source. The isotropic sector is solved by the Durgapal’s model and the anisotropic sector is solved once a suitable election on the minimal geometric deformation is imposes. The obtained model is representing some strange stars candidates and fulfill all the requirements in order to be a well behaved physical solution to the Einstein’s field equations."
"In this paper, we present the analytic solution for Anti-de Sitter-Nonlinear electrodynamics (AdS-NED) black hole in four dimensions. We study tunneling of vector particles from the AdS-NED black hole to find Hawking temperature as well as its thermodynamical properties in usual and extended phase space. Then we explore the properties of pressure–volume criticality by analyzing the phase diagram and its free energy. Finally, we investigate the Joule–Thomson coefficient, in which the inversion curve of warming and cooling are studied, and the ratio between the inverse temperature and critical temperature are computed in the black hole solution."
"In this paper, we perform a detail analysis on the phenomenology of portal scalar and Dirac fermion dark matter in scotogenic Dirac model. Unconventional charge &lt;i&gt;Q&lt;i/&gt; is assigned to the right-handed neutrino in order to realise scotogenic Dirac neutrino mass at one-loop level, where three typical value are chosen to illustrate. Observational properties involving dilepton signature at LHC, relativistic degrees of freedom , dark matter relic density, direct and indirect detections are comprehensively studied. Combined results of these observables for the benchmark scenarios imply that the resonance region is the viable parameter space. Focusing on the resonance region, a scanning for TeV-scale dark matter is also performed to obtain current allowed and future prospective parameter space."
"The requirement of electroweak naturalness in supersymmetric (SUSY) models of particle physics necessitates light higgsinos not too far from the weak scale characterized by . On the other hand, LHC Higgs mass measurements and sparticle mass limits point to a SUSY breaking scale in the multi-TeV regime. Under such conditions, the lightest SUSY particle is expected to be a mainly higgsino-like neutralino with non-negligible gaugino components (required by naturalness). The computed thermal WIMP abundance in natural SUSY models is then found to be typically a factor 5–20 below its measured value. To gain concordance with observations, either an additional DM particle (the axion is a well-motivated possibility) must be present or additional non-thermal mechanisms must augment the neutralino abundance. We compare present direct and indirect WIMP detection limits to three natural SUSY models based on gravity-, anomaly- and mirage-mediation. We show that the case of natural higgsino-only dark matter where non-thermal production mechanisms augment its relic density, is essentially excluded by a combination of direct detection constraints from PandaX-II, LUX and Xenon-1t experiments, and by bounds from Fermi-LAT/MAGIC observations of gamma rays from dwarf spheroidal galaxies."
"We modify the first law of thermodynamics of regular black hole of the non-minimal Einstein–Yang–Mill theory with gauge field of magnetic Wu–Yang type and a regular black hole which is associated with the cosmological constant by the surface tensions. The corresponding Smarr relations are also satisfied for them. We calculate the Gibbs free energy to discuss the global stability of the black holes. It is found that Gibbs free energy exhibits the positive behavior in most of the cases which leads to globally thermodynamically stability of both black holes."
"A spatially homogeneous, time-dependent, electric field can produce charged particle pairs from the vacuum. When the electric field is constant, the mean number of pairs which are produced depends on the electric field and the coupling constant in a non-analytic manner, showing that this result cannot be obtained from the standard perturbation theory of quantum electrodynamics. When the electric field varies with time and vanishes asymptotically, the result may depend on the coupling constant either analytically or non-analytically. We investigate the nature of this dependence in several specific contexts. We show that the dependence of particle production on coupling constant is non-analytic for a class of time-dependent electric fields, with the leading order non-analytic behaviour being controlled by a specific parameter which can be identified. We also demonstrate that, for another class of electric fields, which vary rapidly, the dependence of particle production on coupling constant is analytic. Finally, we describe what happens to these results when we go beyond the leading order, using some specific examples."
"After the discovery of the Higgs boson, several future experiments have been proposed to study the Higgs boson properties, including two circular lepton colliders, the CEPC and the FCC-ee, and one linear lepton collider, the ILC. We evaluate the precision reach of these colliders in measuring the branching ratios of the charged lepton flavor violating Higgs decays , and . The expected upper bounds on the branching ratios given by the circular (linear) colliders are found to be , and at 95% CL, which are improved by one to two orders compared to the current experimental bounds. We also discuss the constraints that these upper bounds set on certain theory parameters, including the charged lepton flavor violating Higgs couplings, the corresponding parameters in the type-III 2HDM, and the new physics cut-off scales in the SMEFT, in RS models and in models with heavy neutrinos."
"Small-&lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt; resummation has been proven recently to be a crucial ingredient for describing small-&lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt; HERA data, and the inclusion of small-&lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt; resummation in parton distribution function (PDF) determination has a sizeable effect on the PDFs even at the electroweak scale. In this work we explore the implications of small-&lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt; resummation at the large hadron collider (LHC) and at a future circular collider (FCC). We construct the theoretical machinery for resumming physical inclusive observables at hadron colliders, and describe its implementation in the public code HELL 3.0. We focus on Higgs production in gluon fusion as a prototypical example, both because it is sensitive to small-&lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt; gluons and because of its importance for the LHC physics programme. We find that adding small-&lt;i&gt;x&lt;i/&gt; resummation to the LO Higgs production cross section can lead to an increase of up to at FCC, while the effect is smaller () at LHC but still important to achieve a high level of precision."
"The one-loop partition function of the gravity theory is obtained around background. After a suitable choice of the gauge condition and computation of the ghost determinant, we obtain the one-loop partition function of the theory. The traced heat kernel over the thermal quotient of the space is also computed and the thermal partition function is obtained for this theory. We then consider quantum corrections to the thermodynamical quantities in some special cases."
"We consider the development of anisotropic flow in an expanding system of particles undergoing very few rescatterings, using a kinetic-theoretical description with a nonlinear collision term. We derive the scaling behaviors of the harmonic coefficients with the initial-state eccentricities and the mean number of rescatterings, and argue that hexagonal flow should follow a nontrivial behavior, different from that of the lower harmonics. Our findings should be observable in experimental data for small systems."
"With the observation of high-energy astrophysical neutrinos by the IceCube Neutrino Observatory, interest has risen in models of PeV-mass decaying dark matter particles to explain the observed flux. We present two dedicated experimental analyses to test this hypothesis. One analysis uses 6 years of IceCube data focusing on muon neutrino ‘track’ events from the Northern Hemisphere, while the second analysis uses 2 years of ‘cascade’ events from the full sky. Known background components and the hypothetical flux from unstable dark matter are fitted to the experimental data. Since no significant excess is observed in either analysis, lower limits on the lifetime of dark matter particles are derived: we obtain the strongest constraint to date, excluding lifetimes shorter than at 90% CL for dark matter masses above ."
"Scalar singlet dark matter is one of the simplest and most predictive realisations of the WIMP (weakly-interacting massive particle) idea. Although the model is constrained from all directions by the latest experimental data, it still has viable regions of parameter space. Another compelling aspect of scalar singlets is their ability to stabilise the electroweak vacuum. Indeed, models of scalar dark matter are not low-energy effective theories, but can be valid all the way to the Planck scale. Using the GAMBIT framework, we present the first global fit to include both the low-energy experimental constraints and the theoretical constraints from UV physics, considering models with a scalar singlet charged under either a or a symmetry. We show that if the model is to satisfy all experimental constraints, completely stabilise the electroweak vacuum up to high scales, and also remain perturbative to those scales, one is driven to a relatively small region of parameter space. This region has a Higgs-portal coupling slightly less than 1, a dark matter mass of 1–2 TeV and a spin-independent nuclear scattering cross-section around ."
"Using the first law of thermodynamics, we propose a relation between the system entropy (&lt;i&gt;S&lt;i/&gt;) and its IR (&lt;i&gt;L&lt;i/&gt;) and UV () cutoffs. In addition, applying this relation to the apparent horizon of flat FRW universe, whose entropy meets the Rényi entropy, a new holographic dark energy model is addressed. Thereinafter, the evolution of the flat FRW universe, filled by a pressureless source and the obtained dark energy candidate, is studied. In our model, there is no mutual interaction between the cosmos sectors. We find out that the obtained model is theoretically powerful to &lt;i&gt;explain&lt;i/&gt; the current accelerated phase of the universe. This result emphasizes that the generalized entropy formalism is suitable for describing systems including the long-range interactions such as gravity."
"In this note we study an energy dependent deformation of a time dependent geometry in the background of Brans–Dicke gravity theory. The study is performed using the gravity’s rainbow formalism. We compute the field equations in Brans–Dicke gravity’s rainbow using Vaidya metric which is a time dependent geometry. We study a star collapsing under such conditions. Our prime objective is to determine the nature of singularity formed as a result of gravitational collapse and its strength. The idea is to test the validity of the cosmic censorship hypothesis for our model. We have also studied the effect of such a deformation on the thermalization process. In this regard we have calculated the important thermodynamical quantities such as thermalization temperature, Helmholtz free energy, specific heat and analyzed the behavior of such quantities."
"We investigate a cosmological model resulting from a dimensional reduction of the higher-dimensional dRGT massive gravity. By using the Kaluza-Klein dimensional reduction, we obtain an effective four-dimensional massive gravity theory with a scalar field. It is found that the resulting theory corresponds to a combined description of mass-varying massive gravity and quasi-dilaton massive gravity. By analyzing the cosmological solution, we found that it is possible to obtain the late-time expansion of the universe due to the graviton mass. By using a dynamical system approach, we found regions of model parameters for which the late-time expansion of the universe is a stable fixed point."
"In this article, we study the doubly heavy baryon states and pentaquark states with the QCD sum rules by carrying out the operator product expansion up to the vacuum condensates of dimension 7 and 13 respectively in a consistent way. In calculations, we separate the contributions of the negative parity and positive parity hadron states unambiguously, and study the masses and pole residues of the doubly heavy baryon states and pentaquark states in details. The present predictions can be confronted to the experimental data in the future."
"We examine a method to detect the light speed variation from gamma ray burst data observed by the Fermi Gamma-ray Space Telescope (FGST). We suggest new criteria to determine the characteristic time for low energy photons by the energy curve and the average energy curve respectively, and obtain similar results compared with those from the light curve. We offer a new criterion with both the light curve and the average energy curve to determine the characteristic time for low energy photons. We then apply the new criteria to the GBM NaI data, the GBM BGO data, and the LAT LLE data, and obtain consistent results for three different sets of low energy photons from different FERMI detectors."
"We investigate anisotropic compact stars in the non-minimal model of gravity which couples an arbitrary function of curvature scalar &lt;i&gt;Y&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) to the electromagnetic field invariant . After we obtain exact anisotropic solutions to the field equations of the model, we apply the continuity conditions to the solutions at the boundary of the star. Then we find the mass, electric charge, and surface gravitational redshift by the parameters of the model and radius of the star."
"We study the black hole thermodynamics in the presence of a string cloud matter distribution, considering a work term due to a variable cosmological “constant” in arbitrary dimensions. Then, we explore the criticality of the system and the behavior of the black hole as a heat engine in the context of general relativity and metric &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;R&lt;i/&gt;) gravity."
"We compute and investigate the behavior of scalar quasinormal frequencies for static, asymptotically anti de Sitter nh-stu black hole solution of supergravity. We report their exact expression when the horizon topology is flat. The modes are purely imaginary unless they carry high angular momentum number. These modes for spherical horizon topology were numerically computed by using continued fraction method and found to be of two kinds. One such family consists of purely negative imaginary modes. The other family consists of complex modes with their imaginary part always negative, depicting stability of black holes against scalar perturbations. The complex modes show symmetry about imaginary axis, linear relationship with inverse temperature for large horizon radius and increased oscillation frequency for higher harmonics. Many of these properties are common to a family of black holes which asymptotes to anti de Sitter space, thus pointing to common features of thermalization dynamics of a class of dual holographic theories."
"Using data from the NEMO-3 experiment, we have measured the two-neutrino double beta decay () half-life of Se as  y under the single-state dominance hypothesis for this nuclear transition. The corresponding nuclear matrix element is . In addition, a search for neutrinoless double beta decay () using 0.93 kg of Se observed for a total of 5.25 y has been conducted and no evidence for a signal has been found. The resulting half-life limit of for the light neutrino exchange mechanism leads to a constraint on the effective Majorana neutrino mass of , where the range reflects nuclear matrix element values from different calculations. Furthermore, constraints on lepton number violating parameters for other mechanisms, such as right-handed currents, majoron emission and R-parity violating supersymmetry modes have been set."
"We consider the associated production of mesons and muons originating from the &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-flavored hadron decays and non-prompt double production at the LHC using the -factorization approach. To describe the inclusive &lt;i&gt;b&lt;i/&gt;-hadron decays into the different charmonium states we apply fragmentation approach and adopt fragmentation functions based on the non-relativistic QCD factorization. The transverse momentum dependent (TMD) gluon densities in a proton are determined using the Catani-Ciafaloni-Fiorani-Marchesini equation and Kimber-Martin-Ryskin prescription. We investigate the effects coming from parton showers, estimate the double parton scattering contribution and compare our predictions with the first experimental data taken by the ATLAS and LHCb Collaborations at . These data can serve as an additional test for TMD gluon density function in a proton."
"Using the AdS/CFT correspondence, we probe the extremal black holes by studying the energy loss of a moving heavy point particle in a strongly-coupled boundary field theory at zero temperature and finite charge density. We first consider the extremal AdS-Reissner-Nordström (AdSRN) background black hole in the bulk and find an analytic solution of drag force which depends on the finite charge density of the boundary field theory. By studying the near horizon geometry of trailing string in the bulk, one finds the IR divergency does not show the logarithmic behavior. This result would be a general property of extremal backgrounds. We also extend our study to the extremal backgrounds with vanishing entropy density in appropriate extremal limits. After studying the Langevin coefficients, it is shown that in the extremal black hole backgrounds the longitudinal Langevin diffusion coefficient along the semiclassical string motion is larger compared to that of the transverse direction."
"The recent detection of gravitational waves from a neutron star merger was a significant step towards constraining the nuclear matter equation of state by using the tidal Love numbers (TLNs) of the merging neutron stars. Measuring or constraining the neutron star TLNs allows us in principle to exclude or constraint many equations of state. This approach, however, has the drawback that many modified theories of gravity could produce deviations from General Relativity similar to the deviations coming from the uncertainties in the equation of state. The first and the most natural step in resolving the mentioned problem is to quantify the effects on the TLNs from the modifications of General Relativity. With this motivation in mind, in the present paper we calculate the TLNs of (non-rotating) neutron stars in -gravity. More precisely, by solving numerically the perturbation equations, we calculate explicitly the polar and the axial TLNs for three characteristic realistic equations of state and compare the results to General Relativity. Our results show that while the polar TLNs are slightly influenced by the modification of General Relativity, the axial TLNs can be several times larger (in terms of the absolute value) compared to the general relativistic case."
"Assuming a type-I seesaw mechanism for neutrino mass generation and invoking a baryogenesis &lt;i&gt;via&lt;i/&gt; leptogenesis scenario, we consider a reasonable hierarchical structure for Dirac neutrino mass matrix, similar to up-type quark mass matrix. These hypotheses imply a relevant connection between high scale CP violation and low energy one. By requiring a compact heavy neutrino mass spectrum, which allows to circumvent Davidson–Ibarra limit, one can obtain an efficient leptogenesis restricting the allowed region for low energy neutrino parameters. Once the oscillating parameters are taken inside a range, through the numerical resolution of the leptogenesis Boltzmann equations one gets the following allowed intervals for the lightest neutrino mass and the Dirac CP phase: and  eV."
"Multiplicity distributions of charged particles measured by the ATLAS Collaboration in proton–proton collisions at and 13 TeV are analyzed in the framework of a weighted superposition of three negative binomial distribution functions. The examination of the experimental data confirms the existence of a narrow peak at low multiplicities found earlier at and 7 TeV. The peak is described by the third separate component of the total distribution. The energy dependence of the multiplicity characteristics of the three-component scenario is studied. It is demonstrated that the third multiplicity component might be responsible for oscillations of combinants observed lately in the analysis of the multiplicity distributions measured in proton–proton collisions at the LHC. Some consequences of the three-component description of the data for the clan parameters are analyzed."
"In this paper we study the effective lepton flavor violating vertex of an electroweak &lt;i&gt;Z&lt;i/&gt; gauge boson and two charged leptons with different flavor, and , that is generated to one-loop in low scale seesaw models with right handed neutrinos whose masses are heavier than the electroweak scale. We first compute the form factor describing this vertex by using the mass insertion approximation, where the flavor non-diagonal entries of the neutrino Yukawa coupling matrix are the unique origin, to one-loop level, of lepton flavor changing processes with charged leptons in the external legs. Then, by considering the proper large right handed neutrino mass expansion of the form factor, we derive a formula for the effective vertex which is very simple and useful for fast phenomenological estimates. In the last part of this work we focus on the phenomenological applications of this vertex for simple and accurate estimates of the decay rates. Concretely, this vertex will allow us to conclude easily on the maximum allowed decay rates by present data in the inverse seesaw model. The found rates are promising, at the reach of future lepton colliders."
"In this study, we present a novel non-truncated strategy by accompanying the fixed-point iteration with traditional numerical integrators. The proposed non-truncated strategy aims to exactly integrate implicit motion equations that are directly derived from the Lagrangian of the post-Newtonian circular restricted three-body problem. In comparison with the commonly used truncated approach, which cannot exactly but approximately preserve the generalized Jacobian constant (or energy) of the original Lagrangian system, the proposed non-truncated strategy has been determined to preserve this constant well. In fact, the non-truncated strategy and the truncated approach have a difference at second post-Newtonian order. Based on Kolmogorov–Arnold–Moser theory, this difference from the truncation in the equations of motion may lead to destroying the orbital configuration, dynamical behavior of order and chaos, and conservation of the post-Newtonian circular restricted three-body problem. The non-truncated strategy proposed in this study can avoid all these drawbacks and provide highly reliable and accurate numerical solutions for the post-Newtonian Lagrangian dynamics. Finally, numerical results show that the non-truncated strategy can preserve the generalized Jacobian constant in the accuracy of , whereas the truncated approach at the first post-Newtonian (1PN) order only has an accuracy of . Moreover, several orbits are observed to be escaping from the bounded region in the 1PN truncated system via the truncated strategy, but these escaping orbits are unobserved via the non-truncated strategy."
"The original version of this article unfortunately contained a mistake."
"A complete study on the fermion masses and flavor mixing is presented in a non-minimal left–right symmetric model (NMLRMS) where the flavor symmetry drives the Yukawa couplings. In the quark sector, the mass matrices possess a kind of generalized Fritzsch textures that allow us to fit the CKM mixing matrix in good agreement to the latest experimental data. In the lepton sector, on the other hand, a soft breaking of the symmetry provides nonzero and nonmaximal reactor and atmospheric angles, respectively. The inverted and degenerate hierarchies are favored in the model where a set of free parameters is found to be consistent with the current neutrino data."
"Within the standard model extension (SME), we expand our previous findings on four classes of violations of Super-Symmetry (SuSy) and Lorentz Symmetry (LoSy), differing in the handedness of the Charge conjugation-Parity-Time reversal (CPT) symmetry and in whether considering the impact of photinos on photon propagation. The violations, occurring at the early universe high energies, show visible traces at present in the Dispersion Relations (DRs). For the CPT-odd classes ( breaking vector) associated with the Carroll–Field–Jackiw (CFJ) model, the DRs and the Lagrangian show for the photon an effective mass, gauge invariant, proportional to . The group velocity exhibits a classic dependency on the inverse of the frequency squared. For the CPT-even classes ( breaking tensor), when the photino is considered, the DRs display also a massive behaviour inversely proportional to a coefficient in the Lagrangian and to a term linearly dependent on . All DRs display an angular dependence and lack LoSy invariance. In describing our results, we also point out the following properties: (i) the appearance of complex or simply imaginary frequencies and super-luminal speeds and (ii) the emergence of bi-refringence. Finally, we point out the circumstances for which SuSy and LoSy breakings, possibly in presence of an external field, lead to the non-conservation of the photon energy-momentum tensor. We do so for both CPT sectors."
"The paper deals with generalized Rastall theory of gravity and its cosmological consequences in the background of homogeneous and isotropic flat FLRW model with perfect fluid as the matter context. The model shows a non singular era (emergent scenario) at the early phase of expansion for a particular choice of the Rastall parameter. Also the model finds to be equivalent to the particle creation mechanism in Einstein gravity in the framework of non-equilibrium thermodynamics. Universal thermodynamics is briefly presented and it is found that the entropy function in Rastall theory is the usual Bekenstein entropy and there is no correction to it. Finally, a complete cosmic history starting from inflation to late time acceleration is presented for suitable choices of the Rastall parameter."
"Neutrino visible decay in the presence of matter is re-evaluated. We study these effects in two future long-baseline experiments where matter effects are relevant: DUNE (1300 km) and a hypothetical beam aimed towards ANDES (7650 km). We find that matter effects are negligible for the visible component of neutrino decay at DUNE, being much more relevant at ANDES. We perform a detailed simulation of DUNE, considering disappearance and appearance channels, for both FHC and RHC modes. The sensitivity to the decay constant can be as low as  eV at 90% C.L., depending on the neutrino masses and type of coupling. We also show the impact of neutrino decay in the determination of and , and find that the best-fit value of can move from a true value at the lower octant towards the higher octant."
"We consider Higgs boson production through gluon fusion at large transverse momentum in hadronic collisions. We present the analytic expressions of the relevant one-loop QCD amplitudes including the effects of the complete set of dimension-six operators. The latter correspond to modifications of the top and bottom Yukawa couplings, to an effective point-like Higgs coupling to gluons and to the chromomagnetic operator of the top quark. The quantitative impact of the chromomagnetic operator is also studied. Our results confirm previous findings that the effect of the chromomagnetic operator at high can be large and should not be neglected."
"We study the capabilities of IceCube to search for sterile neutrinos with masses above 10 eV by analyzing its disappearance atmospheric neutrino sample. We find that IceCube is not only sensitive to the mixing of sterile neutrinos to muon neutrinos, but also to the more elusive mixing with tau neutrinos through matter effects. The currently released 1-year data shows a mild preference, between 0.75 and 3 depending on the binning and flux adopted, for non-zero sterile mixing. This hint overlaps with the favored region for the sterile neutrino interpretation of the ANITA upward shower although the null results from CHORUS and NOMAD on to oscillations in vacuum exclude this interpretation, while through a different channel and using a different energy range. At the 99% C.L. an upper bound is obtained that improves over the present Super-Kamiokande and DeepCore constraints in some parts of the parameter space. We also investigate the physics reach of the roughly 8 years of data that is already on tape as well as a forecast of 20 years data to probe the present hint or improve upon current constraints."
"We have recently proposed the idea that dark matter in our universe is formed by primordial black holes generated by Standard Model Higgs fluctuations during inflation and thanks to the fact that the Standard Model Higgs potential develops an instability at a scale of the order of GeV. In this sense, dark matter does not need any physics beyond the Standard Model, although the mechanism needs fine-tuning to avoid the overshooting of the Higgs into the dangerous AdS vacuum. We show how such fine-tuning can be naturally avoided by coupling the Higgs to a very heavy scalar with mass GeV that stabilises the potential in the deep ultraviolet, but preserving the basic feature of the mechanism which is built within the Standard Model."
"We consider the axial-vector mesons and as a mixture of two and states with the mixing angle that equal to . We calculate the light-front distribution amplitudes (LFDAs) and decay constant formulas for both the axial-vector mesons in the AdS/QCD correspondence. The transition form factors of the semileptonic decays are derived in terms of the LFDAs for mesons. Using these form factors and decay constant values, the differential branching ratios of ,  transitions are plotted with respect to the four-momentum transfer squared, . In addition, the branching ratio values of these decays and the non-leptonic decays are estimated. A comparison is made between our results for the branching ratios of decays in the AdS/QCD model and predictions obtained from the light-cone sum rules (LCSR) as well as the experimental values. Finally, the forward-backward asymmetries for the aforementioned semileptonic decays are plotted on in both the AdS/QCD correspondence and two Higgs doublet model (2HDM) in order to test the standard model (SM) and search for the new physics (NP)."
"We propose a viable model based on the gauge group, augmented by the global lepton number symmetry and the discrete group, capable of explaining the Standard Model (SM) fermion masses and mixings, and having a low scale seesaw mechanism which can be tested at the LHC. In addition the model provides an explanation for the SM fermion masses and mixings. In the proposed model, small masses for the light active neutrinos are generated by an inverse seesaw mechanism caused by non renormalizable Yukawa operators and mediated by three very light Majorana neutrinos and the observed hierarchy of the SM fermion masses and mixing angles is produced by the spontaneous breaking of the symmetry at very large energy scale. This neutrino mass generation mechanism is not presented in our previous 3-3-1 models with group (Vien et al. in Nucl Phys B 913:792, 2016, Cárcamo Hernández et al. in Eur Phys J C 76(5):242, 2016), where the masses of the light active neutrinos arise from a combination of type I and type II seesaw mechanisms (Vien et al. Nucl. Phys. B 913:792, 2016) as well as from a double seesaw mechanism (Hernández et al. in Eur Phys J C 76(5):242, 2016). Thus, this work corresponds to the first implementation of the symmetry in a 3-3-1 model with low scale seesaw mechanism."
"In the last few years, the ratios and of have reportedly exhibited significant deviations from the relevant standard model predictions, hinting towards a possible violation of Lepton Flavor Universality and a window to New Physics. We investigate to what extent the inclusion of R-parity violating couplings in the minimal supersymmetric standard model can provide a better fit to the anomalies simultaneously. We perform this analysis employing an approximate, non-abelian flavour symmetry, which features a natural explanation of the appropriate hierarchy of the R-parity violating couplings. We show that, under the requirement of a supersymmetric spectrum with much heavier left-handed doublet superpartners, our assumption favors a considerable enhancement in the tree-level charged-current , while the the anomalies induced by receive up to an approximate improvement. The consistency with all relevant low-energy constraints is assessed."
"We derive the leading order matching of the quark generated polarized transverse momentum dependent (TMD) distributions onto the collinear functions at small values of the transverse distance. Starting from the very definition of the TMD operator and performing the light-cone operator product expansion up to twist-3 order, we evaluate each distribution directly in position space. We primarily consider the cases of Sivers, Boer-Mulders and worm-gear functions. The effects of the TMD process dependence on the matching are explicitly shown. We also discuss the moments of TMD distributions which can be relevant for lattice calculations."
"We present a detailed discussion on the doubly charmed baryon production at the RHIC and LHC via the proton–nucleus (&lt;i&gt;p&lt;i/&gt;–N) and nucleus–nucleus (N–N) collision modes. The extrinsic charm mechanism via the subprocesses and together with the gluon-gluon fusion mechanism via the subprocess have been taken into consideration, where the intermediate diquark is in -state or -state, respectively. Total and differential cross sections have been discussed under various collision energies. To compare with the production via proton-proton collision mode at the LHC, we observe that sizable events can also be generated via &lt;i&gt;p&lt;i/&gt;–N and N–N collision modes at the RHIC and LHC. For examples, about and events can be accumulated in &lt;i&gt;p&lt;i/&gt;-Pb and Pb-Pb collision modes at the LHC within one operation year."
"We explore a novel reentrant phase transition of four-dimensional Born–Infeld-dilaton black hole in which the first order phase transition modify into a zeroth order phase transition below the critical point. Working in the extended phase space with regarding the cosmological constant as a pressure, we study the reentrant behavior of phase transition in the canonical ensemble. We show that these black holes enjoy a zeroth order intermediate-small black hole phase transition as well as a first order phase transition between small and large black holes for a narrow range of temperatures and pressures. We also find that the standard first order small–large black hole phase transition can modify into a zeroth order type. This zeroth order phase transition stands between the critical point and the first order phase transition region. We discuss the significant effect of the scalar field (dilaton) on the mentioned interesting treatment."
"We study the evolution of cosmological perturbations around a homogeneous and isotropic background in the framework of the non-minimal torsion-matter coupling extension of &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity. We are concerned with the effects of the non-minimal coupling term on the growth of matter overdensities. Under the quasi-static approximation, we derive the equation which governs the evolution of matter density perturbations, and it is shown that the effective gravitational coupling ‘constant’ acquires an additional contribution due to the non-minimal matter-torsion coupling term. In this way, this result generalizes those previously obtained for the growth of matter overdensities in the case of minimal &lt;i&gt;f&lt;i/&gt;(&lt;i&gt;T&lt;i/&gt;) gravity. In order to get a feeling of our results we apply them to the important case of a power-law coupling function, which we assume to be the responsible for the late-time accelerated expansion in the dark energy regime. Thereby, analytic solutions for the matter density perturbation equation in the regime of dark matter dominance and the dark energy epoch are obtained, along with a complete numerical integration of this equation. In particular, we show that this model predicts a growth index larger than those obtained for CDM model, indicating therefore a smaller growth rate. Concomitantly, we show that the model at hand is potentially capable in alleviating the existing -tension, being that it can provide us a prediction which is  4–5% below the respective prediction of concordance model."
"We show that both the Planck and electroweak mass scales can be generated from conformal gravity via the Coleman–Weinberg mechanism of dimensional transmutation. At the first step, the Planck scale is generated via the Coleman–Weinberg mechanism in the sector of conformal gravity, which means that radiative corrections associated with gravitons induce spontaneous symmetry breakdown of a local conformal symmetry. At the second step, the vacuum expectation value of a scalar field is transmitted to the sector of the standard model via a potential involving the conformally invariant part and the contribution from the Coleman–Weinberg mechanism, thereby generating the electroweak scale. The huge hierarchy between the two scales can be explained in terms of a very tiny coupling constant between the scalar and the Higgs field in a consistent way."
"We construct a vector gauge invariant transverse field configuration , consisting of the well-known superfield &lt;i&gt;V&lt;i/&gt; and of a Stueckelberg-like chiral superfield . The renormalizability of the Super Yang Mills action in the Landau gauge is analyzed in the presence of a gauge invariant mass term , with a power series in . Unlike the original Stueckelberg action, the resulting action turns out to be renormalizable to all orders."
"We study strong gravitational lensing for photons coupled to Weyl tensor in a regular phantom black hole spacetime. It is generally accepted that photons with different polarizations have different trajectories which yields a phenomenon of birefringence. As a result, there are two sets of relativistic images on each side of the object, this is quite different from the uncoupled case in which there is only one set of images. Nevertheless, we focus our attention on the relativistic images on one side of the object and investigate the difference between them by discussing how the coupling constant and phantom hair affect the difference of photon sphere radius, minimum impact parameter and deflection angle. After that, we find that the closer the light gets to the black hole, the larger the deflection angle will be. Then, we investigate the difference in angular image position and relative magnitudes of the first relativistic image between the two types of polarized photons, and find that the two images for different polarizations will separate further and be distinguished more easily in the cases that the phantom hair decreases or the absolute value of the coupling constant increases. Furthermore, the image is brighter when it seats closer to the optical axis."
"We present the first study of the production of a Standard Model Higgs boson at a lepton collider in association with a pair of &lt;i&gt;W&lt;i/&gt; bosons, , in the inverse seesaw model. Taking into account all relevant experimental and theoretical constraints, we find sizable effects due to the additional heavy neutrinos up to on the total cross-section at a center-of-mass energy of 3 TeV, and even up to with suitable cuts. This motivates a detailed sensitivity analysis of the process as it could provide a new, very competitive experimental probe of low-scale neutrino mass models."
"We have recently undergone an analysis of gravitational theories as defined in first order formalism, where the metric and the connection are treated as independent fields. The physical meaning of the connection field has historically been somewhat elusive. In this paper, a complete spin analysis of the torsionless connection field is performed, and its consequences are explored. The main properties of a hypothetical consistent truncation of the theory are discussed as well."
